<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimizations starting from a given initial_h_values. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to improve this.

First, I should consider why the previous approach might not be sufficient. Maybe the initial guess is too localized, or the optimization methods aren't exploring the search space effectively. Also, the code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, which might not cover the optimal region.

Let me think about different strategies. Maybe using a more diverse set of initial configurations. For example, instead of pulses and sawtooth waves, perhaps using more complex waveforms or structured patterns. Also, the previous approach uses only SLSQP and DE. Maybe a combination of methods or a different optimization strategy could help.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is local. Maybe using a global optimization method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, but since time is limited, it's important to balance exploration and exploitation.

Wait, the user mentioned using different algorithmic ideas. Maybe a better way is to use a gradient-based method with a better initialization. Alternatively, maybe using multiple restarts with different initial configurations.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). To minimize this maximum, the function h(x) should be designed such that when shifted, there's minimal overlap with itself. This is similar to a covering problem or a design problem.

The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the function h is a probability density function scaled over the interval [0,2].

The current approach starts with an initial guess and then uses optimization. Maybe a better approach is to consider a more structured function, like a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. For example, maybe using multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, or some other values, arranged to minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a function with periodicity or symmetry. For instance, a function that has a certain period that's compatible with the interval [0,2], such that shifts by certain values align with the function's structure.

But how to translate this into code? Let's think about generating candidate initial configurations. The previous code used pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses. Maybe adding more types of functions, like square waves, or more complex waveforms, could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimizer, but maybe with fewer iterations. If we can find a way to generate better initial points, the optimization might converge faster.

Also, considering that the integral is over the interval [0,2], and the function h is defined over this interval, the shifts k would vary from -2 to +2, but due to the periodicity of the integral, perhaps the relevant shifts are in a certain range. However, the current code computes the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts.

But the max over all k is the same as the maximum over a certain number of shifts because of the periodicity. Wait, the integral over the full correlation would involve overlapping shifts. However, since h is defined over [0,2], when you shift by k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) would be non-zero only when x +k is within [0,2], i.e., when x ∈ [0, 2 -k] if k is positive, or x ∈ [k, 2] if k is negative. But the full correlation includes all shifts, which might be equivalent to considering all possible overlaps.

But perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for shifts that are within a certain range. For example, shifts between 0 and 2. But I'm not sure. The code uses the full correlation, which might include shifts beyond that, but the integral is computed over the overlapping regions.

Alternatively, the maximum may occur for shifts that are integer multiples of the function's period. Not sure.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the function to minimize is the maximum over a set of integrals, which is a non-convex problem. But maybe using some relaxation techniques or approximations.

Alternatively, using a discretized approach with more points, but the previous code uses n_points up to 45. The user says smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using around 100 points, but not too large. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, more points might be too slow unless optimized.

But the code as given uses n_points from initial_h_values, which is 45. The user may not want to increase this, as it's slower. So maybe the code should work with the same or similar number of points.

So, the main strategies are:

1. Improve the initial guesses for the optimization.
2. Use more efficient optimization methods.
3. Explore different configurations that could lead to lower C5.

Let me consider the initial guesses. The previous code uses:

- Pulses with different frequencies.
- Sawtooth with different duty cycles.
- Triangle with different duty cycles.
- Random configurations.

Maybe adding more types of initial configurations, such as square waves, or specific patterns that could help in minimizing overlaps. Also, maybe combining different patterns in a more sophisticated way.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, creating a function that has a certain number of intervals where it's 1, and then 0, but arranged to minimize overlapping when shifted.

For example, if we have a function h that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, then shifting it by certain amounts would result in overlaps where the 1s and 0s would not overlap. However, since the integral of h is 1, it can't be all 1s and 0s. It must be a combination.

But this seems similar to the previous code's approach with pulses. However, maybe using more complex pulses with different spacing.

Another idea: the optimal function might be a periodic function with certain properties. For example, in the Erdős problem, the minimal overlap is known to be related to certain covering designs or optimal binary codes. However, I'm not sure of the exact connection.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a set of points (the 1s in h) such that when shifted, their overlap is minimized. This is similar to a code design problem where the maximum correlation is minimized.

In that case, perhaps using a set of points that are optimally spaced to minimize overlap. For example, using a greedy algorithm to select positions where adding a point contributes the least to the maximum overlap.

But integrating this into the optimization framework is challenging.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization routine that can handle the problem better. For example, using a hybrid approach of genetic algorithms followed by local optimization. However, given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach can be improved by adjusting parameters, such as increasing the number of generations in differential evolution or using more effective initial guesses.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial configurations would help. For example, instead of using a fixed set of waveforms, perhaps generating a variety of random configurations with different structures.

Also, the code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, which might not be sufficient. Maybe allowing more iterations for refinement.

Another possibility: the evaluation of the objective function is done using np.correlate, which can be slow for large arrays. However, with the given constraints, it's necessary to compute it. But perhaps optimizing how the correlation is computed could help, although the code already uses numpy's efficient functions.

Let me consider the code structure again. The code defines an initial guess, then generates several other guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.), runs optimization on each, then uses differential evolution and refinement steps. The code returns the best found solution.

To improve this, maybe:

1. Generate a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, adding more pulse frequencies, different duty cycles, or other waveforms like square waves.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP and DE.

3. Use a better method for the optimization steps. For example, using a different optimization solver, such as COBYLA or BFGS, but since the function is non-convex, these methods might not be as effective.

4. Use a different initial configuration. The user mentioned that initial_h_values is available. If that's a good starting point, perhaps starting from there is better. But if there's a way to generate a better initial configuration, that could help.

Another idea: the current initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Maybe generating a similar but different initial array could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured pattern like a sinusoidal wave with specific parameters.

Wait, the previous code includes generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, etc. Maybe adding square waves could be beneficial. So modifying the guesses to include square waves.

Alternatively, using more complex functions, such as combinations of multiple waveforms to create a more optimal function.

But how to generate these in code? For example, a square wave can be generated as a step function with a certain duty cycle. The previous code already has gen_pulses, which might be similar.

Another angle: the current objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a non-convex problem. Therefore, it's likely that the solution requires a global optimization approach. However, the previous code uses a combination of local and global methods. Maybe using more global methods, such as differential evolution with more iterations, could help.

But the code already uses differential evolution with 80 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of generations would help, but time is limited.

Another thought: the problem may benefit from using a different discretization. For example, using a larger n_points, but with a higher resolution. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is better.

Alternatively, the code could try different n_points values. For example, trying with 30 or 60 points, but again, time is a constraint.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values for the correlation, but the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient enough.

So, considering all these thoughts, how to modify the previous code to improve the result.

First, let's consider adding more initial guess types. For example, square waves.

Wait, the previous code includes gen_pulses, which creates a pulse waveform. A square wave is a special case of a pulse with duty cycle 0.5. So maybe that's already covered. But other waveforms could be added.

Another idea: using a more complex function that's a combination of different waveforms, but it's hard to generate.

Alternatively, perhaps using a set of points where the function h is designed to have a certain waveform that minimizes overlap. For example, a function that is high for a certain period and then low, repeating in a way that shifts don't create overlaps.

Another idea: the optimal function might have a certain symmetry. For example, being symmetric around 1.0. So generating functions that are symmetric could be beneficial.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as a starting point. If that's a good configuration, then starting from there and optimizing might be better than trying other initial guesses. But the previous code's initial configuration might be a local minimum. So maybe trying different initial configurations is important.

Another approach is to use a clustering of initial guesses in the search space. For example, generating a set of random points that are spaced apart in the search space, which could help find a better minimum.

But given the time constraints, it's necessary to optimize the code as much as possible.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate other initial guesses.

2. Add more diverse initial guesses, such as:

   a. Square waves with varying duty cycles.

   b. Combinations of pulses with different frequencies and phases.

   c. Random configurations, but with different structures (e.g., using different distributions).

3. Use differential evolution with more population size and iterations, but within the time limit.

4. Apply refinement steps using SLSQP with more iterations.

5. Use the best solution found during the entire process.

Also, considering that the previous code's best_c5 was 0.381142, which is just slightly higher than the target of 0.380876, maybe small improvements in the initial guess or optimization could push the bound lower.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds more effectively.

Alternatively, modifying the objective function to be more efficient. For instance, precomputing certain values or vectorizing the operations.

Another thing to note: in the previous code, the objective function uses np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient way to compute the max overlap. Let me think: for a given h, the correlation with (1 - h) gives the overlap for all shifts. The maximum of this is the C5 value. However, since the function is defined over [0,2], the shifts can be in a range that wraps around the interval, but the correlation function in full mode includes all possible shifts. Therefore, the maximum overlap is indeed the maximum of the full correlation.

But maybe there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, since the function is periodic, we can limit the shifts to a certain range, but it's unclear.

Alternatively, the full correlation might have a maximum that is the same as the maximum for certain shifts, such as those corresponding to the integer shifts. However, without knowing, it's safer to compute the full correlation.

Another idea: during the optimization, the code could be adjusted to fine-tune the h values more effectively. For example, using a combination of different optimization methods in sequence.

But perhaps the main issue is the initial guess. If we can generate a better initial configuration, the optimization could converge to a better solution.

In the current code, the initial_h_values are a 45-point array. If that's a good starting point, but the code generates other guesses, maybe the best solution is found from the initial guess. However, the previous result was 0.381142, which suggests that there is a possibility for improvement.

Let me think about the possibility of replacing the initial guess with another structure. For example, a function that has more intervals of 1 and 0, arranged in a way to minimize overlap when shifted. For instance, a function that is 1 in three non-overlapping intervals and 0 elsewhere. But with an integral of 1, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1 (since the integral is area under the curve, and dx is 2/45, so sum(h) is 45/2 = 22.5 for n=45).

But creating such a function would require careful placement of the intervals. However, generating this programmatically might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess like a binary function (values of 0 and 1) that is optimal in some sense. But how to generate such a function?

Perhaps using a greedy algorithm to select positions where the overlap is minimized. But integrating this into the code is complex.

Another angle: Maybe the current code's evaluation of the objective function is too slow. However, since the code is written in Python, and using numpy's correlate, it's probably efficient enough.

Another possible optimization is to limit the number of iterations in differential evolution to save time. For example, reducing the maxiter from 80 to 50, but that might lead to less exploration.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the COBYLA method with bounds, which could be better suited for this problem.

But the previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe trying different combinations.

Another possibility: using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, but that's more code to write and might take longer.

Alternatively, using the scipy.optimize.basinhopping method, which is a global optimization technique that can escape local minima. But again, code complexity and time.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, use more effective optimization methods, and refine the solution more thoroughly.

So, in the new code, let's:

- Generate more initial guesses, including square waves.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Adjust the number of iterations for optimization steps.
- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point for the optimization.

Also, perhaps replacing the random initial guesses with more structured ones.

Let me outline the code changes:

1. Add square wave generation to the list of initial guesses.

2. Increase the number of initial guesses, perhaps including more frequencies and duty cycles.

3. Use a different optimization method for some steps, like COBYLA.

But in the code, the previous implementation uses SLSQP. Maybe trying COBYLA for some steps.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The current code enforces this via a constraint in the optimization. This is important.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses (like 5 guesses from random and some other functions). Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses could lead to better exploration.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess for the differential evolution step, such as a more structured function.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial guess as the starting point for the optimization, then use differential evolution to explore the space further. This is already what the code does.

But perhaps the code can be adjusted to use more effective parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.

In the previous code, for differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters are set. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of generations for DE (80), and recomputes several times. Maybe increasing this number or adjusting it.

But within the time budget of 100 seconds, it's crucial to balance the number of iterations and the time spent.

In conclusion, the plan for the new code is:

- Use initial_h_values as the primary starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses, including square waves and other waveforms.
- Use differential evolution with appropriate parameters for exploration.
- Apply SLSQP with more iterations for refinement.
- Ensure that the code returns the best solution found within the time limit.

Now, let's translate this into code.

First, check if initial_h_values is available. Assuming it is, generate more guesses. The code can generate square waves as a new waveform. For example, a square wave can be built as a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 at regular intervals.

But how? Let's think. A square wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle. For example, gen_pulses with duty cycle 0.5 is a square wave. So the previous code's gen_pulses might already generate this. So perhaps adding other waveforms.

Alternatively, creating a function that creates a square wave with a specific frequency. But perhaps the existing gen_pulses covers that.

Another idea: generating a function with multiple pulses, like a combination of different waveforms.

But perhaps adding more initial guesses for the same set of frequencies and duty cycles, but varying the parameters.

Alternatively, generating a more structured initial guess, like a binary function with specific intervals.

But generating such a function might be complex.

In the new code, I'll modify the guessing section to include more square waves with different frequencies, and also add some other patterns.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating all those functions, maybe using a few well-chosen ones.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the code to include more diverse initial guesses.

Also, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with various functions. The new code can include additional functions like square waves, etc.

Now, let's write the code with these modifications.

The new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate more guesses, including square waves, varied frequencies, etc.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Apply more refinement steps.

Let me also make sure that the code avoids long numeric literals and uses NumPy to generate the arrays.

Finally, I'll need to return the function run with the required parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((np.sign(wave) + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```