<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of random guesses, SLSQP optimization, and differential evolution. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need a step function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1, and minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap is calculated as the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k's. Lower C₅ means better.

The previous approach tried various initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then optimized using SLSQP and DE. But maybe there's a better way. Perhaps using genetic algorithms with more efficient mutation strategies, or a different optimization method like gradient descent with momentum?

Wait, the problem says to use scipy, numpy, and other solvers. The previous code used SLSQP and DE. Maybe I can try using Bayesian optimization or other metaheuristics. But given the time constraint, maybe it's better to stick with DE, but with some adjustments.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, constructing h with certain periodicity or symmetry. The Erdős problem is related to covering the interval with minimal overlap, so maybe a partitioning of the interval into regions where h is 1 or 0, but arranged to minimize the overlaps.

Another idea: since the overlap is maximized over all shifts k, maybe we can model this as a covering problem. The function h should be such that when shifted, the overlap with 1-h is as small as possible. So perhaps a function that's designed to have low correlation with its shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence, like in the study of Golomb rulers or Barker codes, but in a continuous setting.

But how to translate that into a discrete step function? Maybe using a sequence with certain frequency components. For example, using a function that alternates between high and low values in a way that the shifts don't overlap much. But how to optimize that?

Another thought: since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the code, they use numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, for the problem, the maximum over all k is the C₅ value. But how does the discrete approximation affect this?

The previous code used n_points samples, which is 45 for the initial_h_values. Maybe increasing n_points could help find a better solution, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, the initial code already uses 45 points. Maybe trying a higher number of points but with a more efficient optimization method?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different kind of initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe generating other structures like more regular patterns or using a combination of multiple pulses or other shapes.

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe there's a way to create a more optimal function by combining different shapes. For example, a function that's a combination of two or three pulses with certain spacing. That could minimize the overlap when shifted.

Another approach: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, we can think of it as a minimax problem. Maybe using a convex optimization approach with some constraints. However, the overlap integral is non-convex, so convex optimization might not directly apply. But perhaps using a relaxation.

Alternatively, using gradient-based methods with careful initialization. The previous code used SLSQP and DE. Maybe a better approach is to use a genetic algorithm with a population that evolves over time, applying mutations that preserve the integral constraint.

Wait, the code uses DE (differential evolution) as well. But DE can be slow. Maybe adjusting the parameters of DE or using a more efficient version. For instance, using a lower popsize and more iterations, but with tighter tolerances.

Another idea: since the previous best was 0.381142, the target is 0.380876. So we need to improve by about 0.000266. To achieve this, the optimization needs to find a function that reduces the maximum overlap. Maybe the current approach is getting stuck in local minima. So, using multiple different initial guesses and combining their results could help.

Additionally, the previous code used a fixed set of initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help. For example, using random perturbations of the initial guess, or using more structured patterns like sinusoids with different frequencies and phases.

Let me think about how to modify the code. The key parts are generating initial guesses and using optimization methods. The previous code tried various waveforms. Maybe adding more structured patterns or using a different approach to generate initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. SLSQP is a local optimizer, so starting from a good initial guess could help, but maybe using a global optimizer like DE with some modifications.

Wait, the code already uses DE in a loop. Maybe the number of iterations is too low. For example, in the previous code, DE is run for 60 iterations with a popsize of 150. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but that might take more time. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so need to balance.

Another possibility: using a hybrid approach, where first using DE to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP. The previous code already does that.

Alternatively, using a different constraint handling method. The current code uses equality constraints for the integral. Maybe using a penalty method in the objective function to enforce the integral constraint approximately, allowing for faster optimization.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization library, like Pyomo or others, but the user specified to use scipy, numpy, and the listed solvers.

Wait, the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe trying other methods like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints, but is different from SLSQP.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several terms, which is a non-smooth function, the optimization becomes challenging. Perhaps using a different representation of the function h, like using Fourier coefficients, to model the function more concisely and optimize in the frequency domain.

But that might complicate the implementation. Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a certain structure that can be optimized more efficiently.

Wait, another approach: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this, perhaps the function h should be designed such that for all shifts k, the overlap is as small as possible. One way to achieve this is to have h(x) be a function that is "spread out" in such a way that shifting it doesn't overlap much with itself.

For example, if h is a union of several intervals, then shifting by k could cause overlaps. So, choosing the positions and widths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

This resembles a covering problem where we want to arrange intervals in [0,2] such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. But how to model this with a step function?

Maybe using a greedy approach: distribute the "weight" of h in such a way that no region is over-covered when shifted. But this is vague.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of Fourier transforms. The overlap integral could be related to the Fourier coefficients of h and (1 - h). But I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Alternatively, using a symmetrical construction. For example, a function that is symmetric around certain points, which may reduce overlap when shifted. For example, a function that is symmetric about x=1, and has certain repeating patterns.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this in.

So, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by making changes that can lead to better exploration of the search space. For example:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses with different structures.
2. Use more diverse initial patterns, such as more randomized or structured ones.
3. Adjust the parameters of DE and SLSQP to allow for better convergence.
4. Use multiple optimization steps with different initial points, including random ones.
5. Use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, perhaps by creating more complex waveforms or combining existing ones.

Looking at the previous code, the guesses are generated with various waveforms. Maybe adding more types of waves, such as square waves with different duty cycles or other periodic functions.

Alternatively, using a more exploratory approach for generating initial guesses. For example, creating random placements of intervals that sum to the required integral.

But how to do that algorithmically? For instance, randomly select positions and widths for the intervals, ensuring the total area is 1.

Another idea: since the function is over [0,2], maybe using a function that has multiple regions where h is 1 or 0. For example, a function with several non-overlapping intervals that are spaced apart.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a known construction, maybe we can start from there and perturb it to find better solutions.

But the code is supposed to use initial_h_values directly, so the initial guess is given. Maybe the code should try to refine this initial solution more aggressively.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more effectively. However, implementing genetic algorithms may be more complex, but given the constraints, perhaps using DE with a different mutation strategy.

Wait, the previous code already uses DE. Maybe changing the mutation parameters to be more aggressive or adaptive could help.

Another thing: the code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is the C5 value. But the way the correlation is computed in the code is via numpy.correlate, which is a discrete approximation. The actual problem involves continuous k, but the code uses a discrete grid. So the approximation is only as good as the grid resolution. Using more points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. The initial code uses n_points=45, which is 45 samples over [0,2], so dx=2/45≈0.0444.

But perhaps using a larger n_points would give a better approximation, even though the user says smaller sequences are preferred. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's possible to try with a higher n_points, but the user's example uses 45, so perhaps better to stick with that.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. What if generating more guesses with varied structures? For example, adding more pulse-based guesses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or combining different waveforms.

In the previous code, the guesses include:

- Pulses with frequencies 3-9, duty cycle 0.5
- Sawtooth waves with duty cycles 0.2, 0.3, etc.
- Triangle waves with similar duty cycles.
- Random guesses.

Maybe adding more types of guesses, like random pulse trains, or more complex patterns. Alternatively, using a different way to generate these initial guesses, such as using a random process that ensures the integral constraint.

Alternatively, trying to use a quasi-Monte Carlo method to sample the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses and using a more efficient optimization setup.

Another thing to consider is that the SLSQP optimization may get stuck in local minima, so using a more robust optimization strategy. Maybe combining multiple optimization steps with different initial points.

Also, in the previous code, the DE is run for 60 iterations with a popsize of 150. Maybe reducing the popsize to save time but increasing the number of iterations, or using a different mutation strategy.

Wait, I need to code this in Python, using the given structure. The code must return (h_values, c5_bound, n_points). The function 'run' is called with seed and budget_s. The initial_h_values is already loaded.

So, the plan is to improve the previous code by:

1. Generating more varied initial guesses.
2. Using different optimization methods or parameters.
3. More aggressive refinement steps.

Let me think of changes:

In the previous code, the 'guesses' list includes generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe adding more types, like more random waveforms, or using different parameters for these generated functions.

Another idea: for the pulses, instead of fixed frequencies, generate pulses with varying frequencies and positions. But how to implement that.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, generate more random vectors that satisfy the integral constraint. For example, generate random h_vals, normalize them, and scale to meet the sum.

In the current code, 'gen_random' creates h_vals as random numbers, then scales them to meet the target_sum. That's a good approach.

So, the previous code uses several different guess generators. Maybe adding more of them would help. For example, generating different types of patterns like square waves, sine waves, etc.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the convolution or using FFT for faster calculations. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already optimized.

But the objective function is the max of all possible shifts. For the current setup, with n_points samples, the correlation is computed over all possible shifts. However, since the function is over [0,2], when we shift by k, the overlap is calculated for all possible k that make the intervals [0,2] and [k, k+2] overlap. But in the code's setup, the numpy.correlate is done on the samples, which may not capture all possible shifts. However, the problem states that the evaluation uses the numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which is the correct way to approximate the continuous case.

So, the code's approach is correct in that aspect.

Now, the main challenge is to improve the optimization process. Here are some possible modifications:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses: the previous code has around 15 guesses. Maybe increasing this to 20-30.
2. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses, including more random samples, more structured patterns.
3. Use different optimization methods or parameters, such as using different solvers or adjusting the tolerance.
4. Refine the solution more aggressively, perhaps using multiple iterations of optimization.
5. Adjust the mutation parameters in DE to allow for more exploration.

Another idea: using a better initial guess. Since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps starting from this and refining it more thoroughly.

Let me think of the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial guess, then generates other guesses, and iteratively optimizes them. Maybe improving this by using more systematic exploration.

In the existing code, the guesses are generated once, and then the optimization proceeds. But perhaps generating new guesses during the optimization process could help. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help find a better solution, but this depends on how much time is available. The budget is 100 seconds, so if the code is optimized, it might be possible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient DE setup. For example, using a lower population size and more iterations, or using a different mutation strategy.

In the previous code, the DE parameters are:

- popsize=150
- maxiter=60
- mutation=(0.5, 0.95)
- recombination=0.8
- tol=1e-9

Maybe adjusting these parameters. For example, lowering popsize to 50 and increasing maxiter to 100, or other combinations.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization strategy during refinement. For example, using a different method like Nelder-Mead or simulated annealing, but the code uses SLSQP.

Putting this all together, the code can be modified to generate more varied initial guesses, use adjusted DE parameters, and perform more refinement steps.

Another thing: the current code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe relax this to allow faster convergence, but that could lead to suboptimal solutions. However, since the objective is to find the best solution, it's important to get as close as possible.

Now, considering all these thoughts, let's outline the changes to the code:

1. Expand the initial guesses by adding more structured patterns.
2. Adjust DE parameters for better exploration.
3. Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Use a larger number of initial guesses to avoid local minima.
5. Ensure that the code is efficient enough to run within the time budget.

Let me try to implement these changes in code.

For example, adding more pulse generators with different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, generating more random samples.

But how to generate these algorithmically. The previous code had a gen_pulses function. Maybe adding more frequencies or duty cycles.

Another idea: use a grid search for certain parameters, but that may not be feasible.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, generate more waveforms, such as square waves with different duty cycles, or more complex combinations.

But for now, perhaps just increasing the number of guesses and using different methods.

Another possible improvement: the initial_h_values may be a good starting point, so ensuring that the code starts with it and performs thorough refinement.

So, modifying the code to include more guesses and adjust optimization parameters.

Now, to write the code.

First, import necessary modules: numpy, scipy.optimize, time.

The 'run' function will take seed and budget_s. The code starts by setting the seed and initializing h from initial_h_values.

Then, the objective function is defined as the maximum of the correlation, multiplied by dx.

The constraints ensure the integral is 1.

The previous code generates various guess functions and applies optimization. To improve this, we can add more guesses and adjust DE parameters.

In the previous code, guesses include:

- Pulse frequencies 3-9, duty 0.5
- Sawtooth with duties 0.2,0.3,0.4,0.5,0.6
- Triangle with same duties
- 5 random samples

Maybe expanding the guesses by adding more patterns, such as square waves, or different pulse frequencies.

But generating square waves might be similar to pulses. Alternatively, varying the duty cycle.

Alternatively, generate more random samples.

Another idea: include more structured guesses. For example, using a piecewise linear function with alternating high and low values.

But this may not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses. For example, a function that has several non-overlapping pulses spaced apart.

But again, generating this algorithmically might be complex.

Alternatively, increase the number of random guesses. In the previous code, 5 random guesses are added. Maybe increasing that number.

Another change: use differential evolution with different parameters. For example, a lower popsize and higher maxiter, or different mutation parameters.

In the previous code, DE is run for 60 iterations with 150 popsize. Maybe reducing popsize to 100 and increasing maxiter to 100, or similar.

Also, during the refinement steps, using SLSQP with more iterations.

Additionally, in the previous code, the refinement is done 8 times, each with 70 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 15 steps?

Another thing: in the DE guess, the code runs for 3 iterations. Maybe increasing this to 5 iterations.

These are just some ideas. Now, to code these changes.

The code should also respect the time budget, so need to ensure that the optimization steps don't take too long.

Now, writing the code:

Importing necessary modules. Then defining the run function.

The previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random to generate initial guesses.

Let me enhance the guesses by adding more patterns.

For example, adding more pulse frequencies, or square waves.

But perhaps it's better to stick with the existing code and just add more guesses. For example, adding more random guesses, or more structured ones.

Alternatively, adding more structured guesses.

Another possibility is to generate initial guesses using different waveforms, like sine waves with varying frequencies.

But how to generate them. For example, a sine wave can be transformed into a step function by thresholding. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess method. But given the time, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing approach and just expand the guesses.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same initial guess as the initial_h_values. But the initial_h_values may be a good starting point. So perhaps the code should start with it and refine it extensively.

But the code already includes that.

Overall, the plan is to:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use DE with adjusted parameters.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, putting this into code.

The code will have the same structure as the previous one, but with more guesses and possibly better parameters.

For example, generating more sawtooth and triangle guesses with different frequencies and duties.

Also, perhaps adding more random guesses.

Now, writing the code.

The code needs to be concise and under 300 lines.

Including more guesses in the 'guesses' list.

Also, adjusting the DE parameters and refining steps.

Another thing: the previous code uses a loop for the DE guesses, running it 3 times. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs.

But the time budget must be respected.

In conclusion, the modified code will have:

- More initial guesses.
- Adjusted DE parameters for better exploration.
- More refinement steps.
- Possibly better use of the initial guess.

Now, the final code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 80, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(12):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```