<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a genetic algorithm approach with some initial guesses and SLSQP refinement. My goal is to improve upon that. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2].

The previous code tried various initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random starting points. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way.

Hmm. Maybe I should consider using a different optimization strategy. Instead of relying on SLSQP and DE, what if I use a more efficient method? Or maybe a different kind of starting point. Also, the previous approach might be getting stuck in local minima. How can I avoid that?

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. Maybe using a structured pattern, such as a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. For example, using a symmetric or anti-symmetric pattern. Alternatively, using a binary or ternary step function with well-chosen intervals.

Wait, the initial_h_values given is 45 samples. Maybe I can generate a better starting point by optimizing the parameters of a structured function. For example, a function composed of multiple pulses or a combination of different waveforms.

Another idea: since the integral is over a shift, perhaps the optimal function is periodic in some way. For example, maybe the function h should be symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], or have certain symmetries that help minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe I can model the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex (since it's the maximum of integrals), which makes it challenging. But perhaps using a convex relaxation or some approximation.

Wait, the current code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe I can try a different optimization method, such as a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, with the time budget, maybe that's not feasible.

Another approach: since the problem has a periodic nature, maybe the optimal function repeats a pattern over the interval. For example, dividing [0,2] into several intervals where h is 1 or 0, or some other fixed values. The challenge is to choose the intervals so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to design the initial guesses. For instance, using a grid-based approach where the function is composed of blocks that are optimized for certain shifts.

But how to translate that into code?

Let me think about the structure of the previous approach. It generated various structured patterns (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses, then refined them with SLSQP. Maybe I can expand on this by generating more structured patterns, or using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: the previous code used a frequency-based approach for generating structured functions. Perhaps varying the frequencies and duty cycles more thoroughly could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a different approach, like using a grid search over the parameters of a structured function. For example, considering a function that has multiple regions where it's 1 or 0, and optimizing the positions and widths of these regions.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe the key is to generate a set of candidate functions with different structures and then optimize each of them.

Wait, perhaps the previous code could be improved by using a more refined grid of initial guesses. For example, using different combinations of frequencies, phases, and duty cycles. Also, the current code uses 3 to 8 frequencies, but maybe increasing that range could help.

Alternatively, using a different method for generating the initial guesses. For instance, using the fact that the optimal function might have certain symmetry properties, and generating guesses that reflect these symmetries.

Another idea: using a binary function with multiple intervals. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 or 0 in those parts. Then, the problem becomes choosing which intervals to set to 1 such that the overlap is minimized. However, this is a combinatorial problem, which might be too large for the given parameters. But since the number of samples is 45, maybe splitting into a few intervals is manageable.

But for a 45-point array, trying all combinations of intervals would be computationally expensive. So that might not be feasible. However, using a greedy approach to select intervals could be an option.

Alternatively, consider that the function h should be 1 for certain regions and 0 for others, such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem where each shift has a low overlap.

But how to model that?

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) would be the overlap between h and the complement of h shifted by k. The maximum over k is what we want to minimize.

For a binary function, perhaps the optimal solution is a set of intervals that are spaced apart such that shifting the function by any k would result in minimal overlap. For example, placing the 1s in a way that their spread is such that shifting by any k would not align them with the 0s in a way that creates a large overlap.

But this might require a more structured approach. For example, arranging the 1s in a periodic or anti-periodic pattern. However, with the constraints of integrating to 1 over [0,2], it's not straightforward.

Another angle: considering that the optimal h should be such that when shifted by k, the overlap is as small as possible. The integral of h(x) is 1, which is the same as the integral of 1 - h(x). Therefore, for any k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is the same as the integral over x of (1 - h(x +k)) h(x). So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of this value over all shifts k.

Wait, but the maximum over k might be achieved at certain specific shifts. Therefore, perhaps focusing on minimizing the overlap for those shifts that are most critical would help.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game where we want to design h such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. The challenge is to find a function that balances this over all possible shifts.

Given that the previous code used a lot of different structured functions and then refined them with optimization, maybe the next step is to explore more diverse initial guesses and improve the optimization process.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) which could be better at exploring the search space. However, implementing PSO in Python with scipy might be possible.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a Gaussian process surrogate model, which could be more efficient for high-dimensional optimization. But I need to check if the scipy.optimize library supports this.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Let's consider if there's a way to improve the efficiency. For example, using a better initial guess could reduce the number of iterations needed, saving time. The previous code generated several initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse ones could help.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values provided is close to the optimal, and refining it with a better optimization method could help. So, perhaps focusing on optimizing from that initial guess rather than generating multiple initial points.

Another idea is to use a more aggressive refinement strategy. For example, after finding a good candidate, perform a more thorough optimization using a higher number of iterations.

Wait, the previous code had a loop where it refined the best_h with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the refinement phase could lead to better results.

But given the time constraint, the code has to run within 100 seconds. So, any optimization has to be efficient.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering a discrete set of shifts. Since the integral is evaluated using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution for all possible shifts. However, for a continuous function, the integral over all shifts would be over the real line. But in the code, the evaluation uses the discrete samples, so the actual shifts considered are the ones corresponding to the samples.

Wait, the problem defines the overlap integral for all real numbers k. However, since the function is represented as a step function with n_points samples, the evaluation is done using the discrete samples. So, the code uses the np.correlate function with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the actual maximum is taken over all possible k, which in the discrete case corresponds to the shifts where the samples overlap.

But this is an approximation. However, the code uses this as the evaluation.

Another possible improvement: try to model the problem as a continuous function and use a more efficient optimization method, such as a gradient-based method with a good initial guess. However, the previous code uses a step function, which is piecewise constant, so it's a discrete optimization problem.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a more efficient selection and crossover process. However, the current code uses differential evolution for some steps.

But the code's current approach already uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe there's a way to tweak the parameters of these methods for better performance.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses from different patterns, such as using more complex waveforms or combining different types of functions, could lead to better initial points.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on the known optimal solution. But since the known optimal is not known yet, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is symmetric, perhaps generating functions that are symmetric or anti-symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2]. For example, designing a function that is symmetric around 1, so h(x) = h(2 - x). This might help in balancing the overlaps for different shifts.

Another approach: using a more structured initial guess, like a combination of overlapping pulses with specific spacing. For example, placing the pulses in such a way that their shifted versions do not overlap much with the original.

But how to generate such a structure algorithmically?

Maybe using the initial_h_values as a base and then adjusting the parameters of a function that's derived from it. For example, if the initial guess is a pulsed function with certain parameters, adjusting those parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a local search strategy around the initial guess, like simulated annealing, to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

But considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by improving the initial guesses, using more efficient optimization methods, and possibly adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates various guesses based on frequency, phase, duty cycle, and random. Then it applies SLSQP refinement and differential evolution. Finally, it refines the best candidate further.

Maybe I can improve this by generating more varied initial guesses. For example, adding more waveform types, or varying the parameters more widely.

Also, the code uses a fixed set of frequencies (3 to 8). Maybe expanding that range or adjusting the duty cycles could lead to better initial guesses.

Another idea: perhaps using a combination of different waveforms, like adding a sine wave and a pulse. Or using a more complex pattern that's not covered by the current waveforms.

Additionally, the code uses a SLSQP refinement with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a better solver could help.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the optimization, such as using a more recent version of scipy.optimize.

But the current code already uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So, for the initial guesses, using different starting points is important to find the global minimum.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to evaluate the cost function. For example, precomputing the necessary values or using vectorized operations.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for n_points samples gives a result of size 2n_points - 1. Then, multiplying by dx (which is 2.0 / n_points) to get the integral. However, the maximum value of the correlation is the one that's considered for C5. So, the code correctly computes the integral over each shift.

But perhaps there's a way to optimize the calculation of this correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is more efficient for large n_points. However, for small n_points (like 45), the difference might be negligible.

But given that the previous code uses a relatively small n_points (45), perhaps the current approach is acceptable.

Now, thinking about the time budget. The previous code runs for up to 100 seconds. The differential evolution step is limited to 30 iterations, and then some refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size in differential evolution could help, but it might consume more time.

Alternatively, using more aggressive parameters for the optimization steps, like a higher mutation rate or recombination rate in differential evolution.

Another idea: instead of using multiple initial guesses, perhaps focusing on the initial_h_values and refining it with more intensive optimization. Since the initial guess might already be close to the optimal.

But how to determine that? Well, the previous code's initial_h_values could be a good starting point. If the initial guess is already quite good, maybe the refinement steps are sufficient.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's more structured. For example, a function composed of multiple pulses with specific positions and widths.

But generating such a function algorithmically would require some parameters. For example, choosing the positions and widths of the pulses such that the integral is 1 and the overlap is minimized.

However, this could be a complex optimization problem itself.

Another approach: since the integral must equal 1, the average value of h is 0.5 (since integral over [0,2] is 1, and the length is 2). So, the function h has an average of 0.5. So, it's like a binary function with a certain duty cycle, but it can take any values in [0,1].

Perhaps the optimal function is a binary one, i.e., h(x) is either 0 or 1, but that's not necessarily the case. However, sometimes, the best solution might be close to a binary function.

But for the problem, the function can take any values between 0 and 1. However, the previous code uses a step function, implying that it's made of discrete values. Since the function is represented as a step function with n_points samples, it's piecewise constant between the samples.

In any case, perhaps the previous approach is not sufficient, and I need to try a different strategy.

Maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses. Let me think: the previous code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves with different parameters. Maybe adding more types of functions, such as square waves or more complex waveforms, or custom functions.

Alternatively, generating functions that are combinations of multiple waveforms. For example, combining a sine wave with a pulse to create a more complex pattern.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing overlap, perhaps the function should have regions where it is high (near 1) and regions where it is low (near 0), such that when shifted, these regions do not overlap much. So, arranging the high and low regions periodically with certain spacing.

For example, a function that is high for a certain width, then low for another width, repeated. This would be similar to a rectangular pulse train. The challenge is to choose the widths and spacing to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? The function would be periodic, and the spacing would need to be such that shifting it by a certain distance would not align with the high regions.

This sounds like a periodic function with certain parameters. For example, period T, duty cycle d, and so on. Then, the code could generate such functions with various parameters.

But how to generate these functions algorithmically? For example:

def gen_rectangular(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.repeat(np.array([0,1]), int(n_points / freq))
    wave = np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    wave = np.repeat(wave, freq)
    return wave

Wait, but this is just a rough idea. The actual implementation would need to generate a waveform that is high for a fraction 'duty' of each period. The frequency would determine the number of periods in a unit interval.

Alternatively, using a function that is high for a certain fraction of the interval and low otherwise, with that fraction varying over the interval.

But in any case, adding more structured functions to the list of initial guesses might help.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values, which may already be a good starting point. Maybe, instead of generating many random guesses, focus on refining that initial guess with more intensive optimization.

But how? The previous code already refines it with SLSQP after some initial steps.

Perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP or using a more efficient solver.

Another possible improvement: using a hybrid approach where the initial guesses are generated with more structured functions, then refined with a better optimizer.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to guide the optimization. For example, using a Gaussian process to predict the cost function and optimize accordingly. However, this might be too complex to implement within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, such as PyTorch or TensorFlow, for gradient-based optimization. But since the problem requires a step function with discrete samples, and the code uses numpy, it's unclear how to integrate that.

Another idea: since the evaluation is based on the correlation, perhaps the maximum correlation occurs at certain shifts. For example, the shifts that correspond to the sample points. Therefore, if we can find a function that minimizes the maximum of the correlation at these shifts, it might be sufficient.

But how to model this? The code already considers these shifts, as the correlation is computed for all possible shifts. But maybe focusing on the most critical shifts could help.

Alternatively, the problem could be approximated as minimizing the maximum of the correlation values for certain key shifts, instead of all. However, this might not be accurate enough.

In conclusion, the main ideas for improvement could be:

1. Generate more diverse and structured initial guesses.
2. Use more efficient optimization methods.
3. Refine the best solution more thoroughly.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to allow for better convergence.

Given the previous code's approach, perhaps modifying the initial guesses and the optimization steps could lead to better results.

Let me think about generating more initial guesses. The current code generates for frequencies from 3 to 8, but perhaps expanding that range. Also, varying the duty cycles more widely.

Another thought: using a combination of functions, such as a pulse with a sine wave modulated. For example, a pulse with a certain width, and then adding a sine component to adjust the shape. However, this would require more complex generation functions.

Alternatively, using random phase shifts or different waveforms for the initial guesses.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to expand the initial guesses with more structured patterns and use a more refined optimization process.

So, the plan is:

- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including different structured functions (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine, square waves, etc.) with varying parameters.
- Use SLSQP to refine each of these guesses.
- Use differential evolution on a subset of the best guesses to explore the search space further.
- Finally, perform a thorough refinement of the best solution with more SLSQP iterations.

To implement this, I can modify the earlier code to include more initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the optimization steps.

Additionally, perhaps using a better starting point by leveraging the initial_h_values. For example, using that as one of the initial guesses, and then generating other guesses that are variations of it.

Another possible tweak is to use a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a function that is a binary step function with certain parameters, and then smoothing it out to create a more continuous function.

But given the time, I need to implement these changes in the code.

Now, considering the code's structure, I can modify the guesses section to include more structured functions. For example, adding square waves or other waveforms, and varying the parameters more widely.

Also, increasing the number of generated guesses could help, but this must be balanced against the time budget.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the guesses. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) for the initial phase, then refining with SLSQP. However, implementing PSO might require additional code.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive differential evolution step by increasing the number of iterations or the population size.

Let's think about the code structure. The current code has a guesses list that is populated with various functions. Expanding this list by adding more types of functions (like square waves, more complex combinations) could lead to better initial guesses.

For example, I can add a function that generates a square wave, or a waveform with multiple duty cycles.

But how to generate a square wave? It's a binary waveform that alternates between 0 and 1. For example, a square wave with frequency f and duty cycle d. So, for each x in [0, 2], the value is 1 if the fractional part of (fx) is less than d, and 0 otherwise.

But since the interval is from 0 to 2, the code could generate the square wave as follows:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

Wait, similar to the sawtooth waveform. Hmm, perhaps a square wave can be generated using a different approach, like:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = 1.0 * (x * freq - np.floor(x * freq) < duty)
    return wave

But this is for frequencies in a certain range. The exact implementation would depend on the desired frequency.

But generating such functions could add new initial guesses.

Additionally, perhaps varying the phase and frequency for these functions to generate more varied initial points.

Another idea: the previous code generates guesses with frequencies from 3 to 8. Maybe expanding the frequency range to include lower and higher frequencies. For example, frequencies from 1 to 10.

Also, varying the duty cycles more widely. For instance, instead of 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, using other duty cycles like 0.2, 0.6, etc.

But these are just ideas. Now, the code must be modified accordingly.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of initial guesses, focusing on those that are most promising, to save time.

In summary, the key changes I'll make to the previous code are:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different structured patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps (number of iterations, convergence criteria).
3. Use more thorough refinement steps.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The previous code uses functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine. Adding more functions like gen_square, or other waveforms.

Also, perhaps generating more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Additionally, the code uses a random guess function gen_random, which generates a random vector and rescales it to meet the sum constraint. This could be replaced or enhanced with other methods.

But to keep the code within the token limit, I need to be concise.

Now, let me draft the modified code.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code generated for frequencies 3 to 8, adding pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Adding square wave and other functions.

For example:

def gen_square(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.zeros_like(x)
    wave[(x * freq) % 1 < duty] = 1
    return wave

But need to adjust the implementation correctly.

Alternatively, using the same approach as gen_saw but with different parameters.

But given time, perhaps adding this function will add more initial guesses.

Also, adding a function for a square wave with different parameters.

But in any case, the code needs to be as concise as possible.

Another idea: since the initial_h_values is already a starting point, maybe using it as the best_h initially and then refining it with more optimization steps.

But I think the best approach is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Putting it all together, here's the modified code:

- Generate more initial guesses with different structured functions.
- Use differential evolution on a subset of the best guesses.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

But I need to ensure that the code stays within the 300-line limit and 12,000 characters.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code are generating more structured functions as initial guesses and improving the refinement steps. The code will use these improved initial guesses and optimize them with SLSQP and differential evolution, aiming to achieve a lower C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.zeros_like(x)
        wave[(x * freq) % 1 < duty] = 1
        return wave

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.5))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 5):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=15,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```