<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of different heuristic methods to optimize the step function h. My task is to come up with a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated using the correlation of h and 1 - h. The overlap integral is the maximum value of the convolution between h and 1 - h scaled by dx. The constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The function h is a step function with n_points samples.

The previous code tried several initial guesses, like pulse, saw, triangle, sine waves, and random. Then used SLSQP and differential evolution for optimization. But maybe there are better ways. Let me think.

The previous approach uses a lot of different initial guesses and then optimizes using SLSQP and differential evolution. However, it might be stuck in local optima. Maybe I can find a different strategy for generating initial guesses. Also, maybe there's a smarter way to structure the optimization process.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want h to be as spread out as possible to minimize the overlap when shifted. Maybe using periodic functions with certain frequencies could be better. Since the previous code tried some pulsing functions, perhaps trying more complex shapes or combining different waveforms.

Wait, the current initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. The previous code uses n_points=45. So perhaps keeping around that size is better.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution, which is a global optimizer but can be slow, maybe using a genetic algorithm or another metaheuristic. But the time is limited to 100 seconds, so efficiency is important. Also, the code needs to be concise.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more targeted approach. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into segments where h takes on certain values. Maybe using a grid search with different configurations. But that might not be feasible with the given time.

Alternatively, using a method like simulated annealing, which can escape local optima. However, implementing that might be complex.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this, we want h to be as uniform as possible, but with the constraint of integrating to 1. However, due to the periodicity of the problem, perhaps a uniform distribution isn't the best. Wait, if h is uniform, then it's a flat line, but the integral would be 1. However, the overlap integral would be maximized. So, the optimal h must be non-uniform.

Wait, the previous approach seems to be using some sinusoidal patterns. Maybe combining multiple frequencies or using a more complex function. For example, maybe using a function that's a combination of sine and square waves, or something that has more peaks and valleys.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise linear function that alternates between high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to construct that?

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem where we try to balance the overlap across different shifts. But how to formulate that. Since the maximum is hard to optimize directly, perhaps we can use a penalty method. However, the previous code already uses the maximum in the objective function.

Wait, the previous code uses a simple optimization where the objective is the maximum of the convolution. So the function is convex? Not sure. But the optimization is non-convex because of the max function.

Alternatively, using gradient-based methods. But the problem is that the function may have many local optima, so the initial guess is crucial. So maybe using a better initial guess.

Looking at the previous code's initial guesses: they include several synthetic functions. But maybe generating more varied functions could help. For example, using different duty cycles, frequencies, or combining different functions.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine, and random. Maybe trying other waveforms or varying parameters could help. For example, using a more complex waveform with multiple duty cycles or overlapping frequencies.

Alternatively, instead of generating all these functions, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, considering that the optimal h might have a certain periodicity. Since the integral is over [0,2], maybe h is designed to be periodic with period 2, but that's not necessarily the case.

Wait, the problem is about the maximum over all shifts k, but k can be any real number. However, when considering the convolution, the maximum is achieved for certain k values, such as shifts that align with the peaks of h.

Another thought: The overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, plus the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is between 0 and 1. But not sure how to use that.

Alternatively, since we are looking for the minimal maximum, perhaps we can use duality. The problem resembles a covering problem where we want to minimize the maximum coverage of the overlap between h and its shifted versions.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem. Maybe using a greedy approach, but that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a problem of minimizing the maximum of several functions, which can be approached by a penalty method. For example, trying to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term for each possible shift. But since the number of shifts is infinite, that's not feasible.

So back to the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying a different optimization method. For example, using a more efficient local optimizer after a global search.

Another idea: using the previous initial_h_values as a starting point, but applying a different optimization strategy. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation to explore the search space more thoroughly.

But the previous code already uses random guesses and differential evolution. Perhaps combining that with a more refined local search.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it uses SLSQP to refine them. Maybe increasing the number of SLSQP iterations or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, generate a larger number of diverse initial points, but this might take more time. However, since the time is limited, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, what if we adjust the frequencies and duty cycles in the generated functions? For example, trying higher frequencies or different duty cycles that might better spread out the h values.

Alternatively, using a different initial construction. For example, instead of starting with the initial_h_values, maybe create a different starting function. For instance, a Dirac comb or a more structured pattern.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe using that as a starting point is better. Let's see: perhaps the current construction is already in a good area, and the optimization could be improved by applying more advanced techniques.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations. Maybe adding more constraints or adjusting the optimization parameters could lead to better results.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a multi-level approach. For example, first finding a good initial guess, then performing a more detailed optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the convolution is over all shifts, perhaps we can model this as a problem where for each shift, we want to minimize the overlap. But since it's the maximum, it's a bit tricky.

Alternatively, using a heuristic that balances the overlap across different shifts. For example, if we can find a function h that makes the overlaps for all shifts similar, then the maximum would be minimized.

But how to achieve that? Maybe by ensuring that the function h has a certain regular structure that limits the overlap.

Another idea: Given that the problem has to do with minimizing maximum overlap, maybe using a function h that has multiple peaks separated by a certain distance. For example, a set of spaced intervals where h is 1 and 0 otherwise, arranged such that shifting by any k would overlap minimally.

For example, if we have three intervals spaced evenly in [0,2], then when shifted, the overlap would be minimized. However, the integral of h has to be 1. So perhaps using several intervals of varying lengths.

But how to translate that into an algorithm. Maybe generating a function with multiple segments.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of two different functions, such as a pulse and a sine wave, to create a more complex shape.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a better initial guess or adjusting the parameters of the optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 50 and 30 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but it might take more time.

Another possible improvement is to use a different starting point. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, generating a different initial function. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain pattern.

For example, suppose we create a function that has 1's in intervals that are spaced such that when shifted, they don't overlap much. But how to design that.

Let me think of an example. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into segments. Let's say we have a certain number of segments where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0. The total length of the segments should be 1 (since ∫h dx =1). For example, if we have k segments of length L_i each, then sum(L_i) =1.

But how to arrange them to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, if the segments are spread out, then when shifted, the overlap would be small. However, the exact arrangement is tricky.

But with a certain number of segments, this could be a way to design h. For example, using 3 segments each of length 1/3, spaced apart. Then shifting by any amount would result in overlaps between the segments.

But this is getting into the realm of experimental design. The problem is that the optimal arrangement might not be obvious and requires optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a more continuous function, like a smooth wave that transitions between 0 and 1.

Another thought: Since the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe using a more global optimizer first to find better initial points, then refine with SLSQP.

So maybe the code could first use differential evolution to find a better initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it.

But the previous code already does that. So perhaps the issue is with the initial guesses or the parameters used in the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe combining different optimization strategies. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) first, then SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the parameters of the optimization. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations in SLSQP or adjusting the tolerance.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating several synthetic functions, using a more systematic approach to generate initial points.

But how?

Another idea: Since the problem is similar to a covering problem, maybe the optimal h is a specific type of function. For example, maybe the optimal function is a sequence of pulses arranged such that their peaks are spaced to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is symmetric or has certain properties that make the overlap integral lower.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_sine functions. Let me think about what those functions generate.

The gen_pulses function creates a pulse wave with a given frequency and duty cycle. For example, with frequency 3, it would have three pulses per unit interval. Duty cycle 0.5 would make each pulse half as long as the period.

The gen_saw function is a sawtooth wave, which increases linearly to a peak and then drops. The gen_triangle function is a triangular wave, going up and down.

These functions are periodic and could be useful for creating patterns that spread out the high and low regions.

But maybe there are other periodic functions that could be better. For example, using a combination of different waveforms, or varying the parameters more.

Alternatively, trying a function that is a combination of a triangle and a sine wave, to get a more complex shape.

Another thing: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help, such as using different frequencies and duty cycles for each function.

But the code already includes several, so maybe increasing the number of generated functions.

Alternatively, trying to use functions with different parameters. For example, varying the phase for the sine functions.

But the code does that by looping through phases.

Alternatively, increasing the number of phases. For example, instead of 5 phases, using more.

But given time constraints, it's important to balance between diversity and computation time.

Another idea: Instead of using fixed frequencies, maybe trying to fit a certain number of pulses. For example, if the optimal h has a certain number of intervals where it's 1, then trying different numbers and optimizing their positions.

But how to model that. For example, placing N intervals (each of length l_i) such that the total length is 1, and the positions are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap.

This is similar to the coin problem, where we want to place intervals to minimize overlap. But how to translate this into code.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place intervals. For example, placing the first interval as far left as possible, then the next one as far to the right as possible, and so on. But this might not yield the best result.

But given the time, maybe trying this approach could be useful.

Alternatively, given that the current code uses 45 samples, maybe generating a function with even spacing. For example, placing the 1's in intervals that are spaced out across the [0,2] interval.

But the exact arrangement is unclear.

Another angle: the current best record is 0.38085. To improve this, the code needs to find a function h that results in a lower maximum overlap integral.

So perhaps the previous code's approach of using multiple synthetic functions as initial guesses is a good start, but the parameters and the optimization steps could be adjusted.

For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP optimization runs with 300 iterations and a tolerance of 1e-10. Maybe increasing the tolerance to allow for faster convergence.

Alternatively, adjusting the frequency and duty cycle parameters in the generated functions. For example, using higher frequencies or different duty cycles to create more detailed patterns.

Another thought: The previous code uses the initial_h_values, which may be a good starting point. Maybe we can start with that and apply more refinements.

So perhaps the code can be modified to start with the initial_h_values, and then perform more intensive optimization steps.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, there's a phase where they run differential evolution for 2 iterations, then refine with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations or the population size could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters and improve the initial guesses.

Let me think about possible modifications:

1. Use more varied initial guesses by generating a larger number of synthetic functions with different parameters.
2. Run the differential evolution for more iterations or with a larger population.
3. Adjust the parameters of the SLSQP optimization to allow for more iterations or better convergence.
4. Use a different method for the initial guesses, such as generating a function with multiple intervals or varying patterns.

But how to implement this concisely.

Another idea: The current code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Perhaps generating some more complex functions, such as combining multiple waveforms or using different phases and frequencies.

Alternatively, consider using a more systematic approach to generate initial functions, such as using Fourier series or other methods to create periodic functions with different frequencies.

But how to code that concisely.

Alternatively, in the initial guesses, using a grid search over frequencies and duty cycles. But again, it's not clear.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point, then apply a more refined optimization. For example, using the initial_h_values as the first guess and refining it with SLSQP for more iterations.

But the previous code already does that.

Hmm. Maybe the code can be modified to use a more informed initial guess. For example, generating a function based on the initial_h_values and modifying it to have a better structure.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values might be a good base, perhaps applying a small perturbation and optimizing.

Another thought: The problem is related to a type of optimal transport or covering problem. Maybe using a method from that field could help, but I'm not familiar enough to implement it quickly.

Alternatively, using a heuristic based on the current record. Knowing that the current best is around 0.38, maybe the optimal function has certain characteristics that can be approximated.

But without more information, it's hard to know.

In summary, the previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods. The code can be improved by:

- Enhancing the initial guesses to be more varied and possibly better.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
- Using a different optimization approach, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, to avoid local optima.

But given the time and code size constraints, it's better to focus on modifying the existing approach.

Let me consider modifying the code to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, increasing the number of generated functions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with freq from 3 to 7, and various phases. Maybe generating functions with more frequencies or different duty cycles.

Alternatively, try higher frequencies. For example, using frequencies up to 10.

Another idea: Instead of using all the functions, focus on certain ones that have shown promise. For example, the sine and triangle functions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of the initial_h_values and some generated functions.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the differential evolution is applied for 2 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 3 or 4 to allow for more exploration.

Also, the refine step runs SLSQP 5 times with 400 iterations. Perhaps increasing that to 10 times.

Alternatively, reducing the number of initial guesses to save time, but allowing for more refined optimization.

But given that the code needs to fit within the token limit, it's better to keep the code compact.

So, in the code, perhaps the key is to generate more initial guesses with varying parameters, use differential evolution for more iterations, and refine with more SLSQP steps.

Another possible optimization: using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then applying a more efficient refinement.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as the first guess and start the optimization from there.

But the previous code uses the initial_h_values as part of the guesses, so that's already considered.

Another thing: the current code uses the full convolution, which is mode='full'. But perhaps using a different mode or adjusting the calculation could help, but I think the code is correct.

Another possible improvement is to parallelize the optimization steps, but since only one CPU is available, that's not possible.

In conclusion, the code can be modified by generating more initial guesses with varying parameters, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations, and refining the solutions with more SLSQP iterations. Also, adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better convergence.

Now, to code this into the run function. The key is to make sure that the code is concise, fits within the token limit, and uses the initial_h_values effectively.

Let me think of the code structure:

- The initial_h_values are provided, so start with that as a guess.
- Generate additional guesses with different waveforms.
- Use differential evolution to explore the parameter space.
- Refine with SLSQP.

The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate several synthetic functions as initial guesses.
- Perform differential evolution to find better initial points.
- Perform SLSQP optimization on the refined points.

The main changes from the previous code could be:

- Adding more synthetic function generations.
- Increasing the number of differential evolution iterations.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another thing: the previous code uses a for loop for generating guesses, which may be time-consuming. Perhaps using list comprehensions or other efficient methods.

Also, in the previous code, the gen_random function is used to generate random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help.

Another idea: Instead of using gen_random, use a more structured random generation, like placing intervals randomly.

But without more information, it's hard to say.

In terms of code implementation, the previous code uses several functions to generate different waveforms. Maybe modifying those to have more parameters or varying frequencies.

For example, in the gen_sine function, varying the phase more.

But given time constraints, perhaps the key is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Now, writing the code with these considerations.

The code will need to:

- Import necessary libraries.
- Define the run function with the given parameters.
- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses.
- Use differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization.
- Return the best solution.

So, putting it all together, the code would be similar to the previous one but with adjusted parameters and possibly more initial guesses.

Another possible change: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as part of the guesses. To ensure that the best solution starts with the initial_h_values, but also explores others.

In the new code, perhaps the initial guesses include more functions with higher frequencies or other parameters.

In the end, the code should be concise and efficient, fitting within the token limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 5):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```