<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. Let's see what the current approach was. The previous code used a combination of different guess functions (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. They started from the initial_h_values with 45 samples, which probably is a known construction. The best C₅ they found was around 0.381142, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

Hmm. The user wants me to find a better solution. Let me think about possible ways to approach this.

First, maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The code uses some predefined shapes, but maybe there's a better starting point. Alternatively, maybe there's a different optimization strategy. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement, but maybe a different optimization method would work better. Also, the current approach might be stuck in a local minimum, so maybe a more global search is needed.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution (DE) as a global optimizer, then refines with SLSQP. But DE can be slow, especially with a large number of parameters. However, the user's time budget is 100 seconds. So maybe using a more efficient global search, or combining methods differently?

Another angle: the overlap integral is the maximum over shifts. The problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum shift overlap. So maybe considering the structure of the optimal function h(x). For C₅, which is the Erdős constant for 5 points, perhaps there's known constructions or bounds that could be adapted.

But since the user wants a specific solution, perhaps I need to think of a different initialization. For example, maybe using more structured patterns, like a periodic function with multiple pulses or a specific waveform.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, instead of using SLSQP for every guess, maybe using another method like genetic algorithms, but with constraints. But in Python, the scipy.optimize has limited options. Maybe using a different approach for the constraints? The current code uses equality constraints for the integral, which is necessary.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the function h is periodic? Not sure. Wait, the integral is over the entire interval, but the overlap is for shifts. The function h is defined on [0, 2], but when you shift by k, you need to consider the overlap. But in the code, the correlation is computed using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution result. The maximum of this is the C₅ value.

Wait, the correlation between h and 1 - h. The integral over all shifts. But the maximum of that is what we want to minimize. So the problem is to find h such that the maximum of this correlation is as small as possible.

Maybe there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem, but since the max function is involved, it's non-convex. So that might be tricky.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier series approach. Since the problem involves shifts and overlaps, which relate to convolution and Fourier transforms. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x would be the same as the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k, multiplied by dx. But since the convolution is over the interval [0, 2], maybe using Fourier analysis could help. However, I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Another thought: the previous code used a variety of pulse and triangle functions. Maybe trying more complex shapes or combining them. For example, using multiple pulses with different spacings, or some fractal-like structure? But generating such patterns algorithmically could be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using symmetry or specific patterns. For example, arranging the function h to have certain symmetries that minimize the overlap. For instance, dividing the interval [0, 2] into regions where h is high or low in a way that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach: the current code uses 45 points. Maybe experimenting with different numbers of points could yield better results. For example, using more points (like n=50, 60, etc.) might allow for a more precise function h, hence a better bound. However, the user mentions that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred, as they are faster. So maybe 45 is acceptable, but perhaps 60 is better. However, increasing the number of points increases the computational time, which needs to be balanced against the budget.

Wait, the user's previous code uses n=45 samples, but the initial_h_values is given. But maybe there's a better starting point. For example, using a random initial guess with some structure. However, the user's code already tries several guess functions. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses?

Alternatively, considering the problem as a constrained optimization problem and using more advanced optimization techniques. The current code uses SLSQP and DE, but perhaps using a combination of different methods. For example, starting with a global method, then refining with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. For example, maybe the initial_h_values isn't the optimal starting point. Let me think: the problem is that the current code starts from initial_h_values, which might be a known construction but not the best. So perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters? But SLSQP can get stuck in local minima. Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space. However, scipy doesn't have built-in Bayesian optimization, but maybe using a library like scikit-Optimize. But the user mentioned that only scipy, numpy, and certain solvers (like CVXOPT, etc.) are allowed. Wait, the user can use cvxpy with various solvers. But the problem is that the problem is non-convex, and CVXOPT is for convex problems. So maybe that's not helpful here.

Wait, the current code uses optimize.minimize with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying a different method for the initial guesses. For example, generating more diverse initial points. Or using a different approach for the initial guesses, like a grid search over different parameters.

Alternatively, maybe modifying the way the guesses are generated. For instance, using more variation in the pulse frequencies and duty cycles. Or generating functions that are smoother than the current ones.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum over shifts. To minimize the worst-case shift. So, perhaps the function h should be designed such that it's "balanced" in some way. For example, avoiding long runs of 0s or 1s, ensuring that for any shift, the overlap is low. Maybe a function that has multiple peaks spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't align with other peaks.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a function that has low correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "difference set" in combinatorics, where certain overlaps are minimized. Maybe applying similar principles here.

Another idea: the current code uses 45 samples. Maybe using a different number of samples. For example, using 60 samples could allow for more refined intervals, but would take more time. The user's code uses 45 samples in the initial guess. But the problem is that with more samples, the optimization becomes more complex. However, the user's previous code used n=45 and might have a better time budget.

Alternatively, perhaps adjusting the way the initial guesses are created. For example, generating multiple different patterns and combining them. Or using a different parametrization of the function h, like a piecewise linear function with certain properties.

Wait, the current code uses a variety of functions, but maybe generating more initial guesses. For example, adding more pulse frequencies or different shapes. Or using random initial guesses with some structure.

Another approach: since the integral is fixed, perhaps the function h has certain properties. For example, the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], so the average value is 0.5. So the function h is designed to be a probability distribution in some way, but the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap with its shifted version.

Another idea: the problem resembles the problem of minimizing the maximum correlation between a function and its shifted versions, which is related to the concept of "periodic" functions. If h is designed to be periodic with certain periods, shifting by certain k could lead to lower overlaps. For example, a function with period 2 could have correlations that repeat, but that's unclear.

Alternatively, using the concept of mutual information or diversity in the function's values to minimize overlap. But this is vague.

Hmm. Let me think about the current code. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates various guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangles), then applies SLSQP and DE optimization. The key is to get a better starting point. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, so perhaps generating a better initial guess would help.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps the user can start from that and then explore neighboring solutions. However, in the previous code, they use various guesses, including the initial one. Maybe the initial guess is not the best. So perhaps generating more guesses based on the initial one, but with modifications.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution to find a global minimum, but perhaps with more iterations or different parameters. However, DE can take time. But the user's code already uses DE with 60 iterations and 150 population size, which might be too much for the 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization approach for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm. But scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm. However, the code could use a library like DEAP, but the user's allowed libraries are scipy, numpy, and specific solvers. So maybe that's not possible.

Alternatively, maybe adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization methods. For example, in the previous code, SLSQP has 'maxiter' set to 100. Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results, but at the cost of more time. However, the user's code does a few iterations of refinement after the initial DE steps.

Another idea: using multi-objective optimization. For example, trying to minimize the maximum overlap while also keeping the function as smooth as possible, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, using the fact that the optimal h is likely to have certain symmetries. For example, it might be composed of multiple segments that repeat. So generating functions that are made of several repeating patterns could help.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over all shifts. So for each shift k, we can consider the value of the integral. The function h should be such that these integrals are as small as possible.

But how to model that? The previous code uses a combination of optimization methods. Maybe trying to set up the problem to find the h that minimizes the maximum value, using a more sophisticated approach, like a penalty method or a Lagrangian relaxation.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, instead of calculating all shifts and taking the maximum, perhaps using a more efficient way to approximate the maximum. But that's probably not feasible.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses differential evolution as a global optimizer, but maybe using a different method for the initial steps. For example, using a particle swarm optimization, which is available in some libraries. However, again, scipy doesn't have that. So maybe not helpful.

Alternatively, maybe using a simplex method for the initial steps. But the SLSQP method is used for refinement.

Hmm. Let me think about what could be a better starting point. The initial_h_values is the previous best, but perhaps a better starting point could be a more randomized function. For example, generating a function that is more "balanced" in terms of 0s and 1s, or a function that has certain structures.

Wait, the code uses a random guess generator (gen_random) that creates a random array, normalizes it to sum to target_sum. Maybe the randomness could be improved. For example, using a different distribution, like a beta distribution to generate values between 0 and 1. But in the current code, they generate uniformly random values, then normalize. That might not be the most effective.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guesses could be generated based on some known optimal constructions for the Erdős problem. But without prior knowledge of those, it's hard to apply.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the same as the convolution of h and 1 - h, evaluated at different shifts. To minimize the maximum of this, perhaps the function h should be designed such that the convolution is flat, or has minimal peaks. For example, a function that is a sine wave modulated in a certain way.

But how to model that in code? Maybe using a Fourier series approach. Let's think: the function h(x) can be represented as a sum of sinusoids. Then, the convolution with (1 - h) would involve cross terms. Minimizing the maximum of this could be a way to structure the problem. However, this is abstract and would require a way to optimize the coefficients of the Fourier series.

But implementing such an approach might be complex. Especially given the time constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach to generate the function h. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into m equal parts, and setting h to be 1 for certain parts and 0 for others, such that the overlap when shifted is minimized. This is similar to a binary function, but since h can be continuous, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments.

But the previous code uses continuous functions. Maybe creating a binary function with certain patterns could be better. However, the problem allows h to take any values between 0 and 1, so binary functions are just a subset of possible h.

But perhaps using a binary function with certain regular patterns. For example, a function that has peaks at certain positions spaced to minimize overlap. For instance, a periodic function with peaks spaced in such a way that when shifted, they don't align.

But again, generating such a function algorithmically is complex.

Another idea: the current code uses multiple different shapes (pulses, triangles, etc.) as initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying the parameters more. For example, using different frequencies for the pulse functions, or different duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle functions. The previous code uses frequencies from 3 to 9 and duty cycles of 0.2, 0.3, etc. Maybe adding more frequencies or duty cycles could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, trying other shapes, like rectangular pulses with varying widths, or random noise patterns. But again, generating these would require more code.

Another aspect: the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE, and the best solution is found after several refinement steps. Maybe optimizing the number of refinement steps or the parameters of SLSQP. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations for SLSQP to allow more exploration.

But how to adjust this without overusing the time budget. The user's code has a budget of 100 seconds. The current code runs DE three times, then a few refinement steps. Maybe this is just the right balance.

Alternatively, maybe trying different optimization methods. For example, using a hybrid approach where the initial global search is done with DE, and then refinement with another method. For example, using a combination of DE and genetic algorithm, but again, without specific libraries, that's difficult.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of a set of integrals, perhaps using a different objective function. For instance, instead of taking the maximum, use a combination of all integrals. But the maximum is the key, so this is not helpful.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to try more diverse initial guesses and optimize with different parameters. For example, generating more initial guess functions with different parameters, and using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps.

Wait, the current code uses the initial_h_values and various guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good start, but maybe generating more guesses that are variations of it. For example, applying small perturbations to the initial guess and optimizing.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then using a different optimization strategy. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations and a better initial guess.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, when generating guesses, the gen_random function creates a random array and normalizes it. However, perhaps using a different random seed or a different distribution could lead to better initial guesses. For example, using a uniform distribution with lower variance, or generating values that are more likely to be in certain ranges.

Alternatively, perhaps using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then trying to perturb it, but that's what the code already does to some extent.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (45) for the initial guess. The user's note says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. So maybe using a smaller number of points, like 60 or 75, could allow for more precise function shapes and better optimization. But the problem is that with more points, the optimization becomes more computationally intensive, which could eat into the time budget.

But how to decide? Let's think: with 45 points, the code has to optimize 45 variables. Using more points would increase the computational load. But perhaps for the purposes of this problem, the current number is acceptable.

Let me look at the code again. The user's previous code used n_points = 45. The code generates a variety of initial guesses, then applies DE and SLSQP. The current best is around 0.3811, but the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

So, maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses or the optimization steps.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better results. For example, doing more iterations of the SLSQP optimization.

But again, time is limited. So perhaps adjusting the parameters of SLSQP to allow for more iterations.

Another possible modification: using a different method for the initial optimization. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and could explore the space more effectively. However, the code currently uses SLSQP and DE.

Alternatively, using a combination of different methods.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another angle: the current code uses the 'full' mode of np.correlate, which returns a longer array. However, the integral over [0, 2] when cross-correlated with a shift k would require a certain range of k. But perhaps there's a way to limit the range of k to be considered, which might reduce computation time.

Wait, the corr is computed for all shifts. But for the overlap integral, the shift k can be any real number. However, the actual computation is over discrete shifts. But in the code, the np.correlate is done with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for shifts from -(n-1) to +(n-1), but scaled by dx. However, the actual shifts k that need to be considered for overlap might be different. For example, shifts that result in the support of the function being overlapping.

But the code currently computes the maximum over all possible shifts, which might include those that don't actually contribute to the integral. However, for the purposes of the problem, it's correct, but computationally expensive. However, given that the function h is sampled at discrete points, and the shift is also discrete in the code's approach, perhaps the current code is correct.

Hmm. I'm not sure how to proceed further analytically. Given that, maybe the best approach is to modify the code to try different initial guesses and optimize with different parameters.

So, let me think about possible changes to the code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses: generate more different patterns, perhaps by varying the parameters more.

2. Use a different optimization method, like the Augmented Lagrangian method, or adjust the parameters of the existing methods.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps or the number of DE iterations.

4. Use more sophisticated initial guesses, like combining multiple shapes.

But given the user's code, which is already quite complex, I need to fit it into the 300-line limit and ensure it runs within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach: instead of using the initial guess, start with a random initial guess and optimize with a more efficient method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population for a few generations, then refine with SLSQP.

But since genetic algorithms are not part of scipy, perhaps that's not feasible.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's DE parameters can be tuned. For example, reducing the number of iterations but increasing the population size.

Alternatively, the code could try to use fewer DE iterations but more refinement steps.

Another idea: the code uses multiple rounds of optimization. Perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough, so generating more guesses would help. For example, adding more random guesses or more varied functions.

In the previous code, the guesses include:

- The initial_h_values

- Pulses with frequencies 3-9 and duty 0.5

- Sawtooth with freq 3 and duties 0.2-0.6

- Triangle with freq 3 and duties 0.2-0.6

- Random guesses for 5 times.

Maybe generating more such guesses with different parameters. For example, varying the frequencies higher, or adding more random guesses.

But to do this without making the code too long, perhaps the code can generate more guesses with different parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a simpler approach. For example, the current code uses multiple different guesses, but what if we start with the initial_h_values, then apply a few symmetry or structure-based modifications, then optimize?

Another thought: the current code's objective function is to minimize the maximum integral. Perhaps using a different metric for this. For example, using the average of the integrals, but the problem requires the maximum to be minimized. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, using a more精细的 optimization step. For example, using a method that allows for better exploration of the search space.

But I'm stuck. Given that, perhaps the best path is to adjust the existing code to try more diverse initial guesses and optimize with more refined steps.

So here's a plan:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the existing functions (higher frequencies, more duty cycles, etc.)

- Increase the number of iterations for the DE and SLSQP steps, but balance it with the time budget.

- Use more diverse initial guesses, like adding more random guesses and different function types.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the initial guess generation functions to include more variations.

Another thing to consider is that the user's code has a function called initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a known good construction, then perhaps the code should start from that and then refine it. But the previous code already uses it as one of the initial guesses.

Hmm. Given all that, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to:

1. Generate more initial guesses, such as more varied pulses and different waveform shapes.

2. Tune the parameters of the DE and SLSQP methods to allow more refinement.

3. Possibly adjust the number of refinement steps.

But how to implement this concisely in code?

Let me try to outline changes to the code:

- In the 'guesses' list, add more functions. For example, increase the range of frequencies for the pulses, or include different shapes.

- Increase the number of random guesses.

- Adjust the DE parameters, like increasing maxiter or population size.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to make the optimization steps more efficient.

Alternatively, combining the existing guesses with a few random ones and optimizing with more steps.

But to fit within the 300-line limit, I need to make the code as concise as possible.

So, perhaps modifying the code to:

- Use more initial guesses with different parameters.

- Use a different way to generate the guesses, like varying frequencies and duty cycles more.

- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Another possible change: the code currently uses a fixed 'gen_pulses' function with frequency range 3-9. Maybe extending this to include more frequencies. For example, including frequencies up to 12, or more.

Also, in the 'gen_saw' and 'gen_triangle' functions, vary the frequency or the duty cycle more. For example, using frequencies other than 3.

Alternatively, generating more guesses by varying the parameters.

But all these changes would require code modifications.

Another idea: the current code uses a hybrid approach of global and local optimizations. Perhaps using a more aggressive global search first, followed by local refinement.

In the previous code, the DE runs three times, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs or adjusting the parameters to get better initial guess.

But how to implement that?

Given the time, I think I need to proceed to write the code that incorporates these changes, focusing on generating more initial guesses and optimizing with a better strategy.

So, the final code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.

- Use differential evolution with some parameters adjusted.

- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

The code should be concise and fit within the 300-line limit.

I'll proceed to write this code now.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_rand():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(4, duty))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                               mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = optimize.minimize(obj, best_h, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                 constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                 options={'maxiter': 70, 'ftol': 1e-10}).x
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```