<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is 0.38085, and I need to aim for even better, like 0.380876. Let's think about how to approach this.

The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It started with an initial_h_values array and tried various waveforms. But maybe I can do something different. The user mentioned starting from the current construction, which is initial_h_values. But maybe I should try different starting points to avoid local optima.

First, let's understand the problem. The overlap integral is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The function h is a step function with values between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0,2] of h is 1. So we need to distribute the area of h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

The previous approach used a mix of pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions as initial guesses. Maybe I can explore more structured patterns, like optimizing for periodicity or symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], perhaps splitting it into parts where h is 1 or 0 in a way that disrupts the overlaps for different k.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h). So, the overlap integral is the maximum over all possible shifts k of the convolution. So, maybe I can model this as a convolution problem and use optimization techniques.

However, since it's a maximization over k, the challenge is to find h such that for all k, the overlap is as small as possible. The previous code tried various optimization methods. Maybe I can improve the optimization by using different strategies, like global optimization algorithms, but within the time budget.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe for a faster convergence, using a more efficient local optimization method after a global search. But how to balance between exploration and exploitation?

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm could help find better initial guesses. But the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method.

Another idea is to use symmetry. Since the function is over [0,2], maybe constructing h as symmetric around the midpoint. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are symmetric, then shifting by certain values would lead to overlaps that can be controlled.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution, but the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. So the current n_points is 45, which is okay. But perhaps there's a way to find a structure that works well with fewer points, leading to better optimization.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. Maybe I can build upon that. Let me think about the structure of initial_h_values. If that's a known good construction, perhaps extending it or modifying it.

Alternatively, maybe generate multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, using different frequency patterns, varying duty cycles, or combining multiple shapes. But the previous code already tries various waveforms.

Another approach: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a packing problem. The function h is trying to "cover" the interval in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with its complement is minimized. This might relate to coding theory or information theory concepts, where you want to maximize the distance between codes. However, I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Let me think about how the overlap integral is calculated. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral over the region where x is in [0, 2 - k] (since x + k must be in [0, 2]). So the integral is over x such that both h(x) and (1 - h(x + k)) are non-zero. So, the overlap is the area where the original function and its shifted complement intersect.

To minimize the maximum overlap for any k, we need to arrange h so that for all k, this area is as small as possible. This suggests that h should be structured in a way that when shifted, the overlap with itself is minimized.

Another idea: use a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals where h is 0 or 1. For example, if the function h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, then the overlap integral for a particular k would depend on how these intervals shift relative to each other.

The current method uses a step function with values between 0 and 1, but maybe a two-level step function (like 0 and 1) would be more efficient. However, the problem allows h(x) to be any value in [0,1], so maybe there's a benefit to having intermediate values.

But perhaps splitting into more than two levels could help. For example, a three-level step function where h takes values 0, 0.5, and 1. However, the previous code focuses on the initial_h_values which is a 45-point array. So maybe the structure of initial_h_values is already a good starting point.

Alternatively, maybe a better approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, subject to the integral constraint. However, since it's a maximization inside the code, it's a bit more complex.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a maximization over k of the overlap integral. So, the objective function is the maximum of these integrals, and we need to minimize that maximum.

This is a min-max problem. So, the challenge is to find an h that minimizes the worst-case overlap. This seems like a convex optimization problem? Well, the integral is linear in h for a fixed k, but the maximum over k is non-convex. So, the problem is non-convex, making it tricky to find the global minimum.

Given that, heuristics and numerical optimization are necessary. So, perhaps using more sophisticated optimization techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using another method like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, using a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then a local optimization method to refine it.

Another thought: since the overlap integral depends on the convolution, maybe precomputing all possible shifts and using some form of regularization in the objective function. But I'm not sure how to do that.

Let me think about the current code again. It uses initial_h_values, then tries various pulse, sawtooth, triangle functions as guesses. Then uses SLSQP and differential evolution. The problem is that the initial guesses may not be very effective, and the optimization might get stuck in local minima.

So, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses would help. For example, using different periodic functions, or random permutations of the initial h_values.

But how to generate those guesses efficiently. The code already has some generating functions. Maybe adding more patterns, like using square waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe using a random permutation of the initial h_values, but with different distributions. For example, generating multiple random initial configurations and then optimizing each.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. So, the code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: since the overlap is maximized over k, perhaps focus on certain k values that are more critical. For example, k values that correspond to the length of the interval. For instance, when k=1, the overlap might be significant. So, maybe structuring h to have longer intervals where it is 1 or 0 to avoid overlaps with k=1.

But how to determine which k are important? Maybe this requires some domain knowledge or exploration.

Another approach is to use the fact that for the Erdős problem, the optimal solution is known to be related to certain distributions, such as those that are periodic and have a certain symmetry. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced periodically to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of binary representations. If h is 1 on certain intervals, then shifting by k would overlap with those intervals. Minimizing the maximum overlap would require that these intervals are placed such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much with the original.

But again, how to model that in code.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a different initial guess strategy. For example, instead of generating various waveforms, perhaps using a more structured approach, like splitting the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 or 0 in a way that balances the overlaps.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known construction. If I can understand its structure, maybe I can tweak it. For instance, if it's a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, perhaps adjusting the lengths of those intervals to reduce overlaps.

Another thing to consider is the use of symmetry. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around x=1, then shifting by 1 would result in a certain overlap. So, perhaps enforcing symmetry could lead to a better solution.

In the previous code, there's a 'gen_random' function that generates random samples. Maybe generating more structured random initial points could help. For example, starting with a random permutation of 1's and 0's that satisfy the sum constraint, but with some randomness to avoid local optima.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns, like different numbers of segments, varying their positions, etc.

But how to implement this efficiently in code.

Another thought: since the problem is over the interval [0,2], and the overlap depends on all possible shifts, perhaps focusing on the key shifts that are most problematic. For example, shifts that are multiples of the interval length divided by some integer.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this might be difficult.

Alternatively, consider that for overlapping regions, the maximum overlap for k in some range could be minimized by creating a function that is 1 in segments that are spaced out in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap each other too much.

For example, if the function h is 1 on [0, a], [a + b, a + b + c], etc., such that the shifts by k would not cause overlaps between the 1 regions.

But how to choose these a, b, c values optimally.

Alternatively, think of this as a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions of 1's such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. This might relate to coding theory, but again, not sure.

In terms of code, perhaps trying to find a better optimization strategy. The current code uses differential evolution for some initial guesses. Maybe using a more efficient local search after that. But the previous code already uses SLSQP for refinement.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of samples, perhaps experimenting with different n_points. The current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Maybe trying with different n_points could yield better results, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So, maybe keeping n_points around 45-100 is reasonable.

Another possible improvement is to use parallel optimization, but the code has only one CPU available. So, parallel processing isn't an option.

Let me think about the objective function. The code computes the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, and takes the maximum value multiplied by dx. To minimize this, we need to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation.

Cross-correlation measures how much two signals overlap as one is shifted relative to the other. Here, the signals are h and 1-h. So, for each shift k, we're measuring the overlap between h and its complement. The maximum of these overlaps is what we need to minimize.

To reduce the maximum overlap, we want the function h to be such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with its complement. This suggests that h should be designed to avoid having overlapping regions with its own shifted versions.

Maybe a better approach is to use a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, having h take on values that are spread out over the interval so that shifts don't cause significant overlaps.

Another idea: split the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assign h to be 1 in certain parts. For example, if the interval is divided into N parts, assign h to be 1 in half of them and 0 in the other half. This would satisfy the integral constraint. However, the question is how to choose the placement of these parts to minimize the maximum overlap.

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem. For example, if there are N intervals and we choose M of them to be 1, then the overlap with shifted versions depends on the spacing between these intervals.

But how to model this and find an optimal arrangement. For small N, we could compute all possibilities, but for larger N, it's computationally expensive.

But since the code is allowed to use numerical optimization, perhaps using a continuous relaxation of this problem. For example, allowing h to take continuous values between 0 and 1, but with the goal of having regions where h is 1 or 0.

But perhaps this is similar to the earlier approach of using a step function with varying values.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps a better starting point could be generated by applying certain transformations to it. For example, reversing it, rotating it, or modifying it in a way that reduces overlaps.

Alternatively, generating multiple random permutations of the initial_h_values and optimizing each. However, the time budget is limited, so generating too many might not be feasible.

In the existing code, the 'guesses' list includes various waveforms, but maybe there are other patterns to consider. For example, using a combination of different frequencies or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a superposition of multiple periodic components with different frequencies, leading to a more complex structure that reduces overlaps.

Another idea is to use the fact that the function h is over [0,2], which is twice the length of [0,1]. So, maybe designing h to have a certain period or symmetry. For instance, a function that is symmetric around x=1 and x=0.5, leading to reduced overlaps upon shifting.

In terms of code, perhaps adding more initial guesses with different patterns. For example, generating more sawtooth shapes with different duty cycles, or pulse shapes with varying frequencies. The previous code already includes some of these, but maybe increasing the number of such guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For instance, using a genetic algorithm to generate better initial points, then refining with SLSQP.

However, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for some guesses and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of these methods could lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the same optimization methods for all guesses, vary the methods. For example, using differential evolution for some initial points and SLSQP for others.

But how to implement this efficiently.

Wait, the current code for 'de_guess' uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. However, for larger problems, differential evolution might be slow. But since the n_points is around 45, it's manageable.

In the existing code, the 'guesses' list contains multiple initial guesses, each of which is processed through the slsqp_guess function to refine. Then, after that, the code runs differential evolution again for a few iterations. Then a refinement step with SLSQP.

Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the optimization methods could help find better solutions.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach where the initial guesses are more diverse. For example, varying the frequency, duty cycle, and other parameters in the generated functions to cover a broader set of possible solutions.

Additionally, the code could try to explore different n_points. The initial_h_values is for n=45. Maybe trying with n=60 or n=90 could provide better results, but the user prefers smaller n_points. However, perhaps the optimal n_points is not necessarily the same as the initial one. But given the time constraints, trying a different n_points might not be feasible.

Another aspect is the use of the 'cons' constraint, which ensures that the integral of h is 1. The previous code ensures this by using a constraint in the optimization. This is important, as the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2.

To improve the code, perhaps checking if the constraint is being properly enforced. For example, using an equality constraint in the optimization to ensure the sum is correct.

In the previous code, the 'cons' function returns the sum of h_vals minus target_sum, which is correct. So that's handled.

Now, thinking about the objective function: the code computes the max of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The cross-correlation is calculated using numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the values for all possible shifts. Then, the maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5 value.

This seems correct.

But perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, precomputing the shifts and checking the max, but the current approach is already efficient.

An alternative idea: the overlap integral for a particular k can be rewritten as the integral over the overlap region between h and 1-h shifted by k. For each k, this is the area where both h(x) and 1-h(x + k) are non-zero. To minimize the maximum of these areas.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Maybe using a more targeted approach. For example, for certain critical k values, enforce that the overlap is below a certain threshold. But since it's a min-max problem, this is challenging.

Another thought: if the function h is such that it has the same value in disjoint intervals, the overlaps would be easier to compute. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length L and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap for a shift k would depend on how these intervals shift relative to each other.

This is an important insight. If h is piecewise constant with intervals where it takes values 0 or 1, then the overlap integral can be computed by checking the positions of these intervals relative to each other for each shift k.

This suggests that optimizing h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals might lead to better results. However, the previous code allows h to take any values between 0 and 1, so perhaps a two-level step function (0 and 1) could be better. Let's explore this.

For example, if h is a step function with 0s and 1s, then the overlap integral for a shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. This is equal to the sum over all intervals of h(x) being 1 and h(x + k) being 0. This might be easier to compute and optimize.

However, the current code allows h to have values between 0 and 1, which could provide more flexibility. But maybe the best solution is achieved with a binary step function. So, perhaps modifying the initial_h_values to be a binary function and optimizing it.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are not necessarily binary, but the code allows for continuous values. So, using a binary function might be a good starting point.

But how to generate a binary function that satisfies the integral constraint. For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, and the total length of these intervals is 1 (since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, the area is 1. So, if the function is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, the sum of the lengths of these intervals is 1.

So, for a binary h, we can define it as 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, ensuring the total length is 1. Then, optimizing the placement of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

This seems like a promising approach, but how to implement it in code. Maybe using a binary optimization approach, but with the time constraints, it might be challenging.

Alternatively, since the previous code starts from an initial_h_values which may not be binary, perhaps modifying it to be binary, or generating a binary function as an initial guess.

For example, the code could generate a binary function by setting certain intervals to 1 and others to 0. This could be a better starting point for optimization.

However, the current code doesn't do this. So, perhaps adding a binary initial guess to the guesses list could help.

Another idea: using a clustering approach. For example, clustering the positions where h is 1 in such a way that they are spaced out as much as possible. This is similar to the concept of a codebook in communication theory, where the codewords are spaced to minimize overlap.

But how to implement this.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place intervals where h is 1, one by one, ensuring that each new interval is placed to minimize the maximum overlap with previously placed intervals. This might be computationally intensive, but for small n_points, it could be feasible.

In the context of the previous code, this would involve modifying the initial guesses to be binary functions constructed through such a greedy approach.

However, given the time constraints, it's unclear whether this would lead to better results.

In terms of code modifications, perhaps the following steps could help:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including binary functions and other structured patterns.
2. Use more efficient optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.
3. Combine different optimization methods, such as using differential evolution for global search and SLSQP for local refinement.
4. Use a larger number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.
5. Apply some symmetry or periodicity to the function h to reduce overlaps.

Given the time budget, the previous code already spends a considerable amount on evaluating various guesses. So, perhaps the main improvement would be to adjust the generate_guesses function to include more effective patterns and to refine the optimization parameters.

Another idea is to use a different initial guess that's not based on waveforms. For example, a completely random initialization that satisfies the sum constraint, and then optimizing from there.

The code already has a 'gen_random' function. Perhaps increasing the number of random initial guesses could help escape local optima.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Modify the 'guesses' list to include more diverse initial guesses, including binary functions and different structured patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for more iterations or better convergence.
- Use multiple rounds of refinement with different optimization methods to improve the solution.
- Ensure that the initial guesses are structurally different to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Now, translating this into code modifications. The existing code has a 'guesses' list that includes various waveforms and random guesses. To improve, I can add more guesses, such as binary functions or other patterns.

For example, generating binary functions with different numbers of intervals. However, generating them algorithmically is key to avoiding long literals.

Another thought: since the initial_h_values may already be a good starting point, focusing on refining it with different optimization techniques might be more effective than generating new guesses.

So, perhaps replacing the 'guesses' list with a few structured patterns and refining them further.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization approach for the refinement steps.

But without knowing exactly what the initial_h_values looks like, it's hard to say. However, the code is allowed to use the initial_h_values directly.

In terms of code, the current approach is to use differential evolution for some guesses and then refine with SLSQP. To improve, perhaps increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or using a more effective local optimizer.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization library or method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method in SLSQP, which can handle bounds and constraints.

Additionally, ensuring that the optimization is run for enough iterations to converge to a good solution within the time budget.

Another idea: the current code's 'de_guess' function runs differential evolution for a limited number of iterations. Increasing the number of iterations might allow for better exploration of the solution space.

But given the time constraints, this could be feasible.

In conclusion, the plan is to refine the optimization steps, use more diverse initial guesses, and ensure that the refinement steps are thorough enough to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_binary():
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[:int(n_points / 2)] = 1
        np.random.shuffle(h)
        return h

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    guesses.append(gen_binary())
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 70, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```