<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with some heuristics, starting from an initial guess. My task is to come up with a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1, that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the maximum of these values over all k is what we need to minimize.

The previous approach used a variety of guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles, and then applied optimization methods. But maybe there's a better strategy. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use more structured initial guesses. The previous code tried several waveforms, but maybe there are better patterns. Maybe using more symmetrical or optimized patterns could lead to lower C5.

Another thought is to consider the problem as an optimization with constraints. The function to minimize is the maximum of several integrals, which is a bit tricky. Maybe using a different optimization method that can handle the max function more effectively. For example, instead of trying to minimize the maximum directly, which is non-convex, perhaps we can use some form of reformulation or use a penalty method.

Wait, but the current code already uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the issue is that the previous approach got stuck in local minima. So perhaps using more diverse initial guesses or a different combination of algorithms would help.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approximated by considering the integral over a certain range and using gradient-based methods with better initializations. However, since the problem is non-convex, it's hard to find the global minimum.

Another angle: The problem has a connection to the Erdős discrepancy problem, but I'm not sure how that applies here. Maybe looking into existing literature for similar optimization problems could help, but I can't do that here. So I need to rely on intuition.

Let me think about the structure of the function h. Since we're dealing with overlaps over different shifts, the function h should be designed to avoid high overlaps with its shifted versions. Perhaps a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized.

The initial guess uses a 45-point array. Maybe increasing the number of points would allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred since they are faster. However, the current code uses n_points = 45. Maybe trying with a different number, like 60 or 90, could help, but the budget is tight. Let's see, the previous code uses n_points = 45.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values is a 45-point array. The user says to start from that, so maybe I can build upon it.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based methods, but the previous code already tried differential evolution. Maybe tweaking the parameters to allow more exploration could help. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, we need to be efficient. Let's think about the previous code's steps:

1. It starts with the initial guess.
2. Generates various guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangles, random) and optimizes them with SLSQP.
3. Uses differential evolution to explore the space.
4. Refines the best solution with SLSQP.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, maybe generating more structured initial patterns could lead to better solutions. Or perhaps combining different types of functions, like more complex waveforms or specific patterns.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45), but perhaps varying n_points could help. However, the user prefers smaller sequences. So sticking with 45 might be better.

Alternatively, could the problem be approximated by considering the continuous case and then discretizing? For example, using Fourier analysis to find a function that minimizes the maximum overlap. But I'm not sure how to translate that into an algorithm here.

Let's consider the overlap integral. For a given h, the overlap with shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since h is a step function, this integral is the area of overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So we want to minimize the maximum such area over all k.

The maximum occurs when the overlap is largest. So the problem is to design h such that whenever you shift it, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

This reminds me of a covering problem. Maybe the optimal h is a set that avoids certain overlaps. But how to model this?

Alternatively, think in terms of the function h being a union of intervals. Since it's a step function, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where h(x) is 1, and the rest is 0. Then the overlap when shifted would depend on how the intervals align.

But with the 45-point discretization, this becomes a discrete approximation. So the challenge is to arrange the ones and zeros (with some continuous values in between) in such a way that the overlap with any shift is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as a game: the function h tries to avoid being overlapped with itself when shifted. To maximize the minimum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. But again, how to translate that into a numerical method.

Let me think back about the optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using more advanced optimization techniques, like Bayesian optimization, could help. However, setting that up in a limited time might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a better initialization. For example, generating initial points that are more spread out or have certain periodicity. The previous code tried various waveforms but maybe there's a better way.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5 (since the measure is 2). So the function h is balanced between 1 and 0. So perhaps the optimal function has a certain symmetry or balance.

Hmm. Maybe the problem can be transformed into a more manageable form. Let me think: the overlap integral for shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this gives ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. So we want to minimize the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over k. So the problem is to maximize the minimum overlap integral of h with its shifted versions.

So, the objective to minimize C5 is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the inner product of h with its shifts.

This seems more manageable. So maybe the problem can be viewed as finding a function h that maximizes the minimum inner product with its shifted versions. However, I'm not sure how to use this insight for optimization.

Back to the code. The previous code used a combination of methods. Maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and use more efficient optimization. For example, using a more diverse set of initial guesses, perhaps with different periodic patterns.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more varied initial configurations. For example, using different waveforms with varying frequencies, or using random walks, or other structured patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a combination of local and global search methods, where you first explore with differential evolution and then refine with SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code already tried that. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not good enough. For example, the initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting point. The user says to start from the initial_h_values, but maybe generating a different starting point from scratch could lead to better results. But the previous code already tried several initial guesses, including random ones.

Another angle: the maximum overlap integral C5 is the maximum over k of the overlap. The shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized version, it's the shifts corresponding to the points in the array. So when using the discrete correlation, each shift corresponds to shifting the array by integer positions (since the array is discrete).

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which would give the convolution of h and 1-h, but the maximum of this would correspond to the maximum overlap for shifts. However, in the continuous case, the shift k can be any real number, but in the discrete approximation, we have a finite number of shifts.

But the code uses the discrete correlation, which might not capture all possible shifts in the continuous case. However, for the problem's purposes, the discrete approximation is used, and the aim is to find a h that minimizes the maximum of these discrete shifts.

So, perhaps the optimal discrete approximation of h is the one that, when shifted by the various allowed amounts, has the smallest maximum overlap.

Another thought: the problem resembles the problem of designing a signal with minimal autocorrelation, which is related to the concept of a "low-redundancy" signal. In such cases, certain signals like Barker codes are used, which have optimal autocorrelation properties. However, I'm not sure if that's directly applicable here, since we're looking at the autocorrelation of h with its complement (1 - h), not with itself.

But maybe the same principles apply. For example, designing h such that its cross-correlation with 1 - h is minimized.

Alternatively, think of it as a dual problem. The function h and 1 - h are complements, and we want their overlap to be small. So the optimal h would be such that where it is 1, the complement is 0, and vice versa. However, this is impossible due to the integral constraint. So the best we can do is to spread out the 1s and 0s in a way that they don't overlap when shifted.

Another approach: Since the integral of h is 1, and the integral of 1 - h is 1 as well (since ∫ h(x) dx = 1 over [0, 2]), then the total area of the complement is also 1. So the problem is about overlapping two sets of area 1, such that the overlap is minimized for all possible shifts. Wait, not exactly, because the overlap depends on the shift. But the maximum overlap is the maximum over all shifts.

So the problem is equivalent to finding two sets A and B (each of area 1) such that the maximum size of their intersection for any shift is minimized. But since h is a function, it's more precise to think of h as a density function, not a set.

But maybe this doesn't help directly. Let me think about the optimal design of h. If we can design h such that it is as non-overlapping as possible with its shifted versions, then the overlap integral would be small.

Now, considering that the function is over [0, 2], perhaps designing h as a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that repeats every certain intervals, but given the integral constraint, it would need to integrate to 1 over [0, 2]. However, the exact properties are unclear.

Let me think about how the current code's approach could be improved. The previous code tried various guesses, optimized them, then used differential evolution and refined. Maybe the issue is that the differential evolution is not exploring enough, or the initial guesses are not good.

An alternative is to use a different optimization method. For example, using a combination of gradient-based methods and evolutionary strategies. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: the function to minimize is non-smooth due to the maximum of several integrals. So maybe we can use a different reformulation, like using a penalty function that smooths the maximum.

But how? The maximum function can be approximated with a smooth function, like the sum of each integral's exponential, but that might complicate things.

Alternatively, use a global optimizer with better exploration parameters. For example, in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better exploration.

Another angle: The previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help. For example, using multiple initial functions with varying parameters, such as different duty cycles, frequencies, or even more complex patterns.

Alternatively, use a random initialization with better constraints. For example, generating random h's that satisfy the integral constraint and then optimizing them.

But how to generate them? For example, the previous code used gen_random() which generated random numbers and scaled them to meet the sum constraint.

Another idea: maybe using a more sophisticated initialization method, like a Latin hypercube sampling or some other space-filling method to generate diverse initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code, but with some changes in the initial guess generation or optimization steps.

Let me think about the parameters used. The previous code uses SLSQP with 200 iterations and a ftol of 1e-11. Maybe reducing the ftol could help in finding better solutions. Or increasing the number of iterations, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for the initial steps, then switching to SLSQP.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so many local optima are possible. The previous code may have been stuck in a local minimum. To address this, perhaps using more robust optimization methods that can escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, which is what the previous code does. But the initial guesses may not be sufficient.

Another idea: generate more varied initial guesses. For example, not just pulses, sawtooth, triangles, but also other waveforms like square waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm where the population is evolved over generations, with some mutations and crossovers. However, implementing a full genetic algorithm in the available time might be challenging.

But given the time budget, perhaps modifying the existing code to use a different initial guess generator, and adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods, could lead to better results.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with various waveforms. Maybe adding more waveforms, like modulated signals or other patterns, could help. For instance, using a combination of multiple waveforms to create more complex initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a different type of initial guess, such as a piecewise linear function or a function with more discontinuities.

Alternatively, instead of generating guesses based on waveforms, generate random permutations of the values to spread out the 1s and 0s. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spread out as much as possible.

But how to generate such patterns algorithmically?

Another idea: Since the function h has integral 1, and we need to spread the 1s to avoid overlaps when shifted. Maybe using a non-uniform distribution where the 1s are placed at intervals that are not multiples of each other. For example, placing them with varying distances.

But again, how to translate this into a randomized initial guess.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of covering the interval [0,2] with intervals of length such that any shift will result in minimal overlap. For example, dividing the interval into segments where each segment is covered by h for a certain length, and then shifted versions will overlap less.

But this is too vague.

Looking back, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses. The previous code generates a few types of waveforms and random guesses, but maybe combining them more systematically could help. For example, generating a grid of parameters for frequency and duty cycle, but that might take too much time.

Alternatively, the current code uses a mix of waveforms with different frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more waveforms with different characteristics could help. For example, combining multiple pulses with varying spacing.

Another approach: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe improving this initial guess. For example, using a more optimized version of it.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says to use initial_h_values directly if available. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but the code may not be exploring enough around it.

So, to improve the code, maybe focusing more on refining the initial guess, using more robust optimization steps, and possibly introducing more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: the code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of differential evolution iterations could help explore more of the solution space. However, the previous code already has a limited number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after differential evolution, the code applies a more refined optimization method. But again, the previous code does this.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the correlation function, which for each shift, gives the overlap. The maximum of these is C5. So if the code could find a h where these maxima are lower, that's better. To do this, the optimization needs to find h that balances the overlaps across all shifts.

Perhaps the code could use a more effective way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and way to evaluate the overlap. But the current code already does that.

Wait, but the code uses np.correlate, which may not be the most efficient way for all shifts. For example, for a discrete signal, the maximum overlap would be over the shifts corresponding to the positions in the array. However, the code uses the full mode, which gives all possible shifts. But since the interval is [0, 2], maybe the shifts are limited to certain ranges. But the code uses the full convolution, which may not be necessary. For example, the shifts that result in overlaps could be bounded by the length of the array. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, for the purposes of the problem, the code could evaluate the maximum over all possible shifts, which might be overkill. However, since the function is discrete, perhaps it's sufficient to evaluate over the possible shifts that could result in overlaps.

But regardless, the current code is using the np.correlate method, which is correct for the discrete correlation.

So, to summarize, here are some possible improvements:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses, including more types of waveforms or patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (number of iterations, population size, etc.) to allow better exploration.
3. Use a combination of global and local search methods more effectively.
4. Refine the initial guesses further by using different heuristics.
5. Consider using a different optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization, which could be more efficient in some cases.
6. Explore the parameter space more thoroughly, possibly with adaptive strategies.

But given the time constraints and the need to keep the code concise, here's a plan:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate additional initial guesses by creating a grid of parameters for different waveforms (like different frequencies and duty cycles), leading to more varied functions.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the solution space more thoroughly.
- Employ a more robust optimization method, such as combining SLSQP with a stochastic optimizer.
- Refine the best solution with multiple iterations of SLSQP.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are limited. So perhaps generating more initial guesses by varying parameters of the waveforms. For example, for the pulses, generate more frequencies and duty cycles.

Another idea: the previous code uses a small number of guesses, but perhaps adding more by using a more systematic approach. For example, using a grid of frequencies and duties, and generating guesses for each combination.

But how to do this efficiently?

Alternatively, for the current code, the guess generation could be expanded. For example, for each waveform type, generate multiple versions with different parameters.

In the previous code, for pulses, they tried frequencies from 3 to 8. Maybe increasing the range or adding more frequencies.

Similarly, for sawtooth and triangle waves, adding more duty cycles or frequencies.

Another idea: using more complex initial guesses, like combining multiple waveforms. However, this may be too complex to generate quickly.

Alternatively, using a different waveform generator. For example, creating a function that generates a more complex shape, like a square wave with varying parameters.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying with a different number of points could lead to better results. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so 45 might be acceptable. Generating a larger n_points would require more computation time and may not be feasible within the budget.

Another idea: using a different optimization approach for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population size that allows for more diversity. But differential evolution is already a population-based method.

Alternatively, using a multi-start SLSQP approach, where multiple initial guesses are provided, and the best one is selected. This is what the previous code does, but perhaps with more initial guesses.

In conclusion, to improve the current code, the following changes could be made:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters of the waveform functions.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (like population size, mutation rate, etc.) to allow more exploration.
3. Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution and refinement steps.
4. Use a different optimization method for refining the solution.
5. Ensure that the code explores the solution space thoroughly without getting stuck in local optima.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes.

First, generating more initial guesses. For example, in the previous code, the guesses include pulses with frequencies 3-8, and duties of 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Increasing the range of frequencies and adding more duty cycles could help. For example, including frequencies up to 10, adding more duty cycles (like 0.1, 0.6, etc.), or adding more waveforms.

Second, in the differential evolution step, adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the mutation rate or population size. But the code currently uses popsize=100, which might be sufficient.

Third, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP. The previous code does 10 iterations, but perhaps more could help.

Fourth, using a different initial guess generator. For example, generating random functions with certain patterns, like placing the 1s in positions that are spaced apart.

Additionally, the code should be optimized to run within the time budget. So, limiting the number of initial guesses and differential evolution iterations appropriately.

Based on this, I'll modify the code as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses: for example, add more frequencies and duties for the waveform functions.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Extend the refinement steps.
- Ensure that the code is optimized for speed.

Now, coding these changes into the run function.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```