<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better construction.

First, let me understand the problem. The function h(x) is a step function on [0,2] that integrates to 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses various generated guesses and optimizes them with SLSQP and DE. But maybe there's a better way. Maybe there's a more efficient way to structure the function h(x) to minimize the overlap. Perhaps using more structured patterns or leveraging symmetry?

The initial_h_values is given with n=45 samples. But using a higher n_points could allow for more precise optimization, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe I should focus on existing n_points, perhaps 45 or similar.

Wait, the previous code had a 45-point initial solution. Let me think about how to improve that. Maybe using a different initial guess, or different optimization techniques. For example, instead of SLSQP, maybe using a genetic algorithm? Or a more efficient local search?

Another idea: the overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h. So the maximum of the convolution over all possible shifts. To minimize this maximum, h should be designed such that its convolution with 1-h is minimized everywhere. This resembles a problem in signal processing, where you want a function that when convolved with another function has minimal maximum value. Maybe there's a way to model this as a optimization problem with more constraints.

But how to model that using numerical optimization? The current approach is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, which is a bit tricky because it's a max of a convex function. The previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe I can use a different approach, like a gradient-based optimizer with more sophisticated constraints, or a better initial guess.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different form. For example, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the first term is 1, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum over k of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, C₅ is 1 minus the minimum of the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Wait, no: the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, then the integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, C₅ is the maximum over k of (1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx), which is equivalent to 1 - the minimum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Wait, no. Wait, max over k of (1 - A_k) is equal to 1 - min over k of A_k. So C₅ equals 1 minus the minimum of the integrals ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx for varying k. Wait, that's a key point. So to minimize C₅, we need to maximize the minimum of those integrals. Because if we have max_k (1 - A_k), then it's equivalent to 1 - min_k A_k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to finding h that maximizes the minimum value of the integrals over A_k. Interesting. So maybe this can be rephrased as an optimization problem where we want to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx over k.

But how to model that? It's still a challenging optimization problem. However, this perspective might suggest that we need the function h to be as "spread out" as possible so that when we shift it by any k, the overlap between h and its shifted version is maximized. So, the goal is to make h as "well distributed" as possible over [0,2], avoiding overlaps when shifted.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation. In binary sequences, the autocorrelation is the sum of h(x)h(x+k) over x. But here, it's the integral over x of h(x)h(x+k) dx, which is similar to the autocorrelation if h is a binary function. But since h is a step function, perhaps a better approach is to model it as a binary function with certain properties.

Wait, maybe the problem is related to the concept of a "binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation", which is a known problem in signal processing. The optimal binary sequence for autocorrelation is the one that gives the minimal maximum absolute value of autocorrelation at all lags. For example, using a Barker code. However, Barker codes are optimal for certain lengths. But our problem is over a continuous interval, not discrete, and h is a step function. So perhaps similar principles apply.

But since the current problem is over a continuous domain, maybe the optimal h is a step function with certain symmetry and periodicity. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain properties, it might minimize the overlap.

Another approach is to consider the function h(x) as a indicator function of a set on [0,2], with measure 1. Then, the integral ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx is the measure of the intersection between the set and its shift by k. So the problem becomes finding a set of measure 1 in [0,2] such that the minimal (over k) intersection with shifted sets is as large as possible. This seems related to the concept of "intersecting sets" with minimal overlap.

But how to find such a set? One method is to use a function that is "as uniform as possible" over the interval. For example, a function that is piecewise constant with a lot of steps, distributing the value as evenly as possible.

The initial solution had 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points would allow for a more precise optimization, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using a smaller number of points, like around 45, but maybe a different structure.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different shapes or using Fourier series.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm to evolve better solutions. However, the time budget is limited to 100 seconds, so the algorithm must be efficient.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution and then SLSQP refinement. Maybe we can optimize the hyperparameters of DE, such as population size, mutation rates, and the number of iterations. Also, adding more initial guesses based on different patterns.

But what's the current best? The previous code achieved C₅ ≈ 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So we need to reduce it by about 0.000266.

Perhaps there's a way to adjust the initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, maybe tweaking it to create a more optimal distribution.

Another thought: the overlap integral for k=0 is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx = ∫ h(x) - h(x)^2 dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)^2 dx. But since h(x) is in [0,1], the integral ∫ h(x)^2 dx is minimized when h(x) is as "spread out" as possible. Wait, no. Wait, the integral ∫ h(x)^2 dx is maximized when h is concentrated, and minimized when it's spread out. So for the k=0 case, the value is 1 minus the integral of h^2. Therefore, to minimize the maximum, we want to maximize the integral of h^2, but that's not directly helpful because the other shifts may have higher values.

But perhaps the previous approach is not considering all the shifts. Maybe a better initial guess could be designed with certain properties. For example, a function that is symmetric or has certain periodicity.

Alternatively, consider using a function that is a combination of pulses spaced in a way to minimize overlap. For instance, if h has a certain number of pulses, spaced evenly, so that when shifted by a certain amount, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a binary sequence where each bin is 1 or 0, and the total sum is n_points/2. Then, the function h(x) is 1 on those bins and 0 elsewhere. But the problem allows for real numbers, so maybe allowing h to take values between 0 and 1 can lead to better results.

But since the initial solution is given with 45 points, perhaps using that as a starting point, but with more aggressive optimization steps.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP and DE, perhaps use a Bayesian optimization approach. However, implementing that within the time constraints may be challenging.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is a convex optimization problem. Wait, no. The objective is to minimize the maximum of several convex functions (the overlaps). The maximum of convex functions is convex, so the problem is convex. However, the constraints are also convex (sum(h) = 1 and h_i between 0 and 1). Wait, the constraints are linear, and the objective function is convex (because it's the maximum of convex functions). Therefore, the problem is a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of the overlaps is not differentiable everywhere, so gradient-based methods may struggle. However, using a convex optimization solver like CVXOPT or ECOS might be possible.

Wait, but how can I model the problem as a convex optimization? The problem is to minimize the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since this is a max of a set of linear functions (each convolution is linear in h(x)), then the problem is to find the minimal value of a convex function. However, the maximum of convex functions is convex, so the problem is convex. So perhaps using a convex solver could be more efficient than genetic algorithms.

But the challenge is that the number of k's is large, especially when the number of points is high. For a given h, the convolution with 1-h over all k is a set of values. However, the problem is to find the maximum among them.

But how to model this in a convex framework? Because the maximum over k is not a linear constraint. So perhaps, for each possible k, we can model the integral as a linear function of h and then find the maximum. But since the maximum is in the objective, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, the problem could be approximated by using a subset of k's. But that may not be accurate.

Alternatively, since the integral is over a continuous domain, and we're approximating it with discrete samples, perhaps we can use the fact that the convolution is equivalent to the inner product between h and a shifted version of (1 - h). For the discrete case, the maximum over k is the maximum over all possible shifts. But how to model this as an optimization problem?

Alternatively, since the problem is convex, we can use a gradient-based method which minimizes the maximum by adding a penalty that forces the maximum to be close to the current value. However, this is more of an approximation.

But maybe the previous approach of using SLSQP and DE is the best we can do within the time constraints. So perhaps the previous code can be improved by adjusting the initial guesses, using a different method for the initial optimization steps, or improving the refinement process.

Let me think about the previous code's steps. It starts with the initial_h_values and then generates a bunch of guess functions, like pulses, sawtooth, etc., and optimizes them with SLSQP and DE. Then it refines the best one. But maybe the initial guesses are not optimal. For example, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses based on different types of functions.

Another idea: the previous code uses a limited set of guess functions (pulses, saw, triangle). Maybe generating more varied functions, such as combinations of different waveforms, or using Fourier-based representations.

Alternatively, can we use a more efficient optimization method? For example, using a hybrid approach where we first use a global optimizer like DE to find a good candidate, and then use a local optimizer like SLSQP to refine it.

Also, the time budget is tight. So the code needs to be as efficient as possible. For example, using a smaller popsize in DE, or fewer iterations.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE and SLSQP. Maybe setting more conservative parameters for DE to avoid getting stuck in local optima, and then refining with SLSQP.

But how to implement this in code?

Additionally, perhaps the initial_h_values can be used as a starting point, and then perturbations are added to improve it. For example, adding small random noise to the initial guess and optimizing it.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search. But that would require more code.

Another thought: the current code uses np.correlate, which computes the convolution. However, when the function is defined on a discrete grid, the convolution is computed over all possible shifts. For a discrete function with n points, the convolution has 2n-1 points. But the problem is to find the maximum over all possible k (shifts). But when we use the discrete grid, the maximum shift would be up to 2 (since the interval is [0,2], the maximum shift before the function wraps around is 2). However, the code uses the full convolution, which includes shifts beyond the original domain. Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns a convolution that is (n + m - 1) points, where m is the length of the second array. Since both h and (1-h) are length n_points, the full convolution has 2n_points -1 points. However, the actual integral for shift k is the value at position k + n_points - 1. So perhaps the code is correctly accounting for all shifts.

But maybe there's a way to optimize by considering only certain relevant shifts. However, without knowing the specific structure of h, it's hard to say.

Another possible improvement: to use a more efficient way to calculate the max integral. Since the previous code computes the entire convolution and then takes the maximum, which might be time-consuming for large n_points. However, given the time constraints, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe sample the convolution values at certain key points or use a lower-resolution approximation.

But given that the problem allows for up to 1k samples, and the previous code uses 45 points, perhaps a better approach is to use a larger number of points to get a more accurate solution. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe 45 is acceptable.

Let me think about how to modify the code. The previous code used several initial guess functions. Maybe adding more types of functions, like combinations of different waveforms, could lead to better initial guesses. For example, generating functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, instead of generating multiple guess functions, use a more efficient method to generate initial points. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, and then applying some transformations, such as shifting, scaling, or adding noise.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_guess and then generates other guesses. Maybe the initial_guess isn't the best, so starting with a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, if the initial_h_values isn't optimal, but perhaps there's a better construction.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so the code should use it directly. So the code can start with the initial_h_values, and then generate other guesses based on it.

Another possible improvement: instead of using DE for all guesses, use a different method for some guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm for some initial steps, and then refine with SLSQP. However, implementing a GA is more complex.

Alternatively, focus on refining the initial guess with more thorough optimization. The code already applies multiple rounds of SLSQP and DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size in DE, but within the time budget.

Another thought: the overlap integral for small k might be more important than for large k. For example, in the initial code, the maximum may occur at small k. So maybe focusing the optimization on those k's could help. However, how to model that in the optimization problem.

Alternatively, the code could precompute the shifts that are most critical, but that would require knowing which shifts are important, which is not straightforward.

Another possible approach is to model the problem as a semi-infinite optimization problem, where the constraint is that for all shifts k, the overlap integral is less than or equal to some value C5. Then, the objective is to minimize C5. This is a nonconvex problem, but perhaps using a sequential approach where we adjust C5 and try to find a feasible h.

But how to implement this in code? It might be too complex given the time constraints.

Alternatively, use the previous code's structure but improve the optimization steps. For example, using more diverse initial guesses, adjusting the DE parameters, and refining more thoroughly.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has certain symmetries. For example, the function h(x) could be symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2]. If the function is symmetric, then it might reduce the maximum overlap by ensuring that shifts by certain amounts are balanced.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If it's symmetric, then maybe perturbations could be applied to break any existing asymmetries. Or perhaps the initial_h_values is already symmetric, and adjustments can be made to further optimize.

In the previous code, the function uses various waveforms, which might have symmetries. For example, the triangle wave is symmetric, and the sawtooth might have different properties. So generating symmetric initial guesses could help.

Another thought: perhaps the problem is better approached by using a Fourier series expansion for the function h(x). Since the overlap integral involves convolutions, which in the frequency domain become products. This might allow for an analytical approach, but with the constraint of the integral being 1 and the values of h(x) being in [0,1].

However, this approach would require solving a system of equations which may not be feasible numerically. But maybe using a greedy approach with a Fourier basis could be a way to explore the solution space.

But given the time constraints, this might not be practical.

So, based on all these thoughts, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses, such as different combinations of waveforms, more duty cycles, and different frequencies.
2. Adjusting the DE parameters to have more iterations or a larger population size, but within the time budget.
3. Improving the refinement steps with SLSQP by increasing the number of iterations or using a better tolerance.
4. Using the initial_h_values as a starting point but also generating other initial guesses based on it.
5. Possibly using a different method for the initial optimization steps, such as a more efficient global optimizer.

However, given that the time is tight, and the previous code already uses a combination of DE and SLSQP, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization heuristics.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed list of guesses, maybe using a random guess with better properties. For example, generating a random initial guess with a certain structure, like a binary sequence with certain properties, then optimizing it.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and adding a small perturbation, then optimizing it.

But I'm not sure. Given that the previous code already has a complex optimization process, perhaps the best way is to make sure that the initial guesses are as diverse as possible, and the optimization steps are as thorough as possible within the time.

So, here's a plan for the modified code:

- Use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.
- Generate more initial guesses by varying parameters (e.g., more frequencies, more duty cycles) for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions.
- Use DE with a larger population size and more iterations in the early steps.
- Refine the best solutions with SLSQP, possibly increasing the number of iterations and using tighter tolerances.
- Also, consider other types of waveforms, such as square waves or sine waves, to diversify the initial guesses.
- Ensure that the code runs within the 100-second budget by carefully managing the number of iterations and the number of guesses.

Additionally, since the previous code used a fixed number of guesses, maybe increasing the number of generated guesses could lead to better solutions. However, this would increase the computational cost, but perhaps with the time budget, it's manageable.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess, like a uniform distribution of 1's and 0's, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, this may not be as effective as the initial_h_values.

In summary, the key improvements would be:

1. Diversifying the initial guesses with more waveforms and parameters.
2. Optimizing the DE parameters for better exploration.
3. Extensive refinement with SLSQP.
4. Ensuring that the initial_h_values is used effectively as a starting point.

Now, translating this into code, I need to modify the previous code's guess generation to include more types of functions and parameters. For example, adding more frequencies or duty cycles for the existing functions, or introducing new functions like square waves or sine waves.

For example, generating more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, more sawtooth and triangle functions, and maybe even some random initial guesses.

Another consideration is that the previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which computes the convolution correctly. So the code's evaluation is correct.

Now, to code these changes, I'll need to expand the guesses list. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles to the pulses, saw, and triangle functions.

Additionally, the code could include a random guess that's more diverse, perhaps with a different structure.

But to keep the code concise and within the token limit, I need to be careful with how many guesses are generated. The previous code generated several, but adding more could be done by increasing the loops or adding more iterations.

Another idea is to randomize the parameters for the generated guesses to explore more possibilities. For example, instead of fixed frequencies and duty cycles, generate them randomly within certain ranges.

However, given the token limit, it's better to generate a set of structured guesses rather than random ones, to avoid complexity.

Putting this together, the modified code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate a set of varied initial guesses, including various waveforms with different parameters.
- Use DE with more controlled parameters (population size, iterations) to find good candidates.
- Refine the best candidates with SLSQP, possibly with more iterations.
- Return the best solution found.

The key is to make sure that the code is efficient enough to run within the 100-second budget.

Now, let me think about how to implement these changes step by step.

First, the code already has the initial_h_values. The previous code generates guesses with various waveforms. I'll expand that by adding more types of functions. For example, adding square waves, or other waveforms.

But perhaps using more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. For example, in the previous code, frequencies are from 3 to 9, and duties are 0.2 to 0.5. Maybe expanding that to more frequencies or duties.

Alternatively, adding a sinusoidal function. For example, generating a sine wave that's clipped to [0, 1]. But the previous code's pulse and sawtooth functions are already generating step-like functions.

Another possible function is a square wave: it's a square wave that alternates between 0 and 1. For example, using np.sin to generate a square wave.

But the code's generate pulses, saw, and triangle functions can be extended. For instance, generating more pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, and more sawtooth and triangle functions.

Also, adding some random initial guesses, but ensuring they are well-distributed.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm, but given the time constraints, it's not clear how to implement that efficiently.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method, like Nelder-Mead, for some steps.

However, given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code's guess generation to include more varied functions and adjust DE parameters.

Thus, the final code would include more initial guesses, possibly with more frequencies and duty cycles, leading to a more diverse set of starting points, which could help the optimization find better solutions.

Another change is to use a higher number of iterations in DE, but within the time budget. The previous code uses 50 iterations for DE, and the loop runs for 3 times. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation rates.

Additionally, the code should ensure that the best solution is found before time runs out. The previous code includes a check to break early if time is running out.

Overall, the code's structure remains similar, but with expanded guess generation and possibly adjusted parameters.

So, the final code would generate more guesses, including more pulse, saw, and triangle functions with different parameters, and then optimize them with DE and SLSQP, refining the best solution found.

Now, translating this into code:

- Expand the guesses list by adding more frequencies and duty cycles for the existing functions.
- Adjust DE parameters, such as increasing the population size or iterations.
- Refine the best solution with SLSQP more thoroughly.

The code will be similar to the previous one, but with more guess functions.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_square(freq):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) / 2, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for freq in range(3, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```