<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. The goal is to get a lower C₅ value than the current best of 0.38085. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then uses various generated functions as initial guesses. Then it uses optimization methods to refine those guesses. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or to optimize the parameters.

One idea is to use a more structured approach, like using a periodic function with certain symmetry properties. For example, maybe a function that's composed of multiple pulses or has a specific waveform that balances the overlap. Since the Erdős problem is about minimizing overlaps, perhaps a function that is as "spread out" as possible would be better.

The previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more varied waveforms or adjusting parameters could help. Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different waveforms could lead to better results.

Another thought is to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based method, but given the time constraints, maybe that's not efficient. Alternatively, using more advanced optimization techniques or adjusting the hyperparameters of existing methods could help.

The current code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 400 iterations and differential evolution. However, maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization approach could lead to better minima.

Another angle is to consider the dual problem. The maximum overlap is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. For the overlap to be minimized, the function h needs to avoid overlapping with itself as much as possible. This suggests that the function should be designed to have non-overlapping regions when shifted.

Maybe a function made up of multiple intervals with different heights, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a periodic manner.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is piecewise constant with specific breaks. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into several segments, each with a certain height, such that the total integral is 1.

Another idea is to use the idea of minimizing the maximum overlap by distributing the "mass" of the function h in a way that when you shift it, the overlap with itself is minimized. This could be modeled as a design problem where the function should avoid self-overlap.

Since the current best is around 0.38085, maybe exploring functions with more structure, like a combination of two or three pulses with certain spacing. For example, placing pulses such that their shifts are spaced in a way that they don't overlap much.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). Maybe trying with more points could lead to better results, but given the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, the user prefers smaller sequences to save time. The initial_h_values has 45 points, which is a good starting point.

Perhaps, instead of generating random guesses, I can use a more systematic approach. For example, using a grid search over parameters of possible waveforms. But that might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a parametric approach where the function h is constructed from a small number of parameters, which are then optimized. For example, if h is composed of a certain number of pulses with positions and heights, the parameters could be those positions and heights.

But constructing such a parametric function might be complex. Another approach is to use a piecewise function that's optimized. For example, a function that has a certain number of segments with different values.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier series approach. Since the problem is related to harmonic analysis, maybe decomposing the function into sinusoidal components and optimizing the coefficients to minimize the overlap.

But I'm not sure how to apply this directly. Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a function that's symmetric or has certain rotational symmetry properties.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is the same as the initial guess but with some modifications. The initial code starts with a given initial_h_values, perhaps based on a known construction. If that's the case, maybe tweaking that initial guess could lead to better results.

In any case, considering the time constraints and the need for efficiency, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing optimization strategy by increasing the number of initial guesses, trying different optimization methods, and perhaps adjusting the parameters of the existing methods.

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using differential evolution to explore the search space, then using SLSQP for local refinement. This could help escape local minima.

Also, since the previous code uses a fixed initial seed, maybe using different seeds for different initial guesses could help find a better solution. However, the code as written uses a fixed seed for the initial guess, but other guesses are generated with random functions.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives a longer array. But for the integral, the maximum of that array multiplied by dx is taken. So the key is to minimize this maximum value.

Perhaps there's a way to construct h that has a very low maximum when shifted. For example, a function that is zero in certain regions and one in others, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, if I can find a function h that is as "flat" as possible in regions where it's non-zero, but that might not be possible due to the integral constraint.

Wait, the integral of h is 1, so the total area under the curve is 1. So perhaps distributing the area in a way that when shifted by k, the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, using a function that is high in regions that are spaced apart.

Another idea is to use the concept of a "pulse train" where the pulses are spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if the function has a certain periodicity, the shifts might align in a way that reduces overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is related to a triangular wave or a sine wave with certain properties. Maybe the initial code's generated functions are a good starting point.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the first guess, but other guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and sine waves. So maybe generating more varied initial guesses with different parameters could help.

But how to do this efficiently? The code could generate more guesses by varying the frequency, duty cycle, phase, etc., of the generated functions.

Another optimization might be to use a more aggressive optimization method. For example, using a larger population for differential evolution, or more iterations, but given the time constraints, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where multiple optimization methods are applied sequentially. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

Also, considering that the problem is a constrained optimization (sum of h is 1), the use of constraints is necessary. The previous code uses equality constraints via SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe ensuring that the constraints are handled more carefully.

Another thought is to consider the dual problem. The maximum overlap can be rewritten as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. This is equivalent to the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1, and the second term is the overlapping area. Wait, no:

The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx = integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. But since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, and the integral over [0,2 -k] of h(x +k) dx is also 1 (since it's just shifted). However, this is for k in some range. But the maximum over k would be for k in [0,2], perhaps.

But maybe this line of thinking isn't helpful. Let me get back to the actual code.

The code as written uses multiple initial guesses and then applies SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them. The goal is to find the best solution among these.

Perhaps the main issue with the previous code is that it uses a limited number of initial guesses and may be stuck in local minima. So, to improve, I can try generating more varied initial guesses or using different initial strategies.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can sometimes escape local optima better.

Another idea is to use a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be too complex for the given time constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a custom objective function. But since the objective is non-smooth (due to the cross-correlation), the gradients might be difficult to compute. However, the SLSQP method in scipy.optimize uses gradients, so maybe there's a way to approximate them.

In any case, the current approach is to try different initial guesses and then optimize them. To improve, maybe expanding the range of initial guesses, adding more waveforms, or varying parameters more.

Another thing to consider is that the cross-correlation integral is being maximized. To minimize that, the function h needs to be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and (1-h) is minimized. This suggests that h should avoid being high where the shifted (1-h) is also high.

But how to model that? It might require h to have regions where it's high and shifted regions where it's low. For example, if the function h has a certain periodic structure with peaks spaced apart.

Wait, the Erdős problem is related to the concept of minimizing the maximum overlap of h with itself shifted by various amounts. So, perhaps a function that is as spread out as possible would be better.

One possible construction for such a function is a function that is high in certain non-overlapping intervals. For example, if the function is composed of multiple intervals where it's 1, and the rest is 0, such that the total area is 1. However, the integral of h must be 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1.

But for a function with a single interval of length 1, then shifting it would always overlap with itself, leading to a higher overlap. Therefore, having multiple intervals spaced apart may be better.

For example, if the function has three intervals of length 1/3 each, spaced out so that their shifts don't overlap. However, the spacing depends on the shift k.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in regions that are spaced in a way that for any k, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function has a periodic structure with certain symmetry.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe by creating a function that is a union of multiple intervals with carefully chosen positions.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is provided. If that's a good starting point, perhaps tweaking it by adjusting certain parameters could lead to improvements.

Another thought is to use a more efficient optimization strategy, such as using a multi-level optimization. For example, start with a coarse grid, then refine the parameters in areas of interest. But given the time, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a random search with more iterations, but again, the time budget is tight.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift k. So, perhaps focusing the optimization on reducing the maximum by considering the most problematic shifts first.

Alternatively, using a constrained optimization where the maximum overlap is minimized, but this is a difficult problem as it involves an unknown maximum value.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the previous code by:

1. Generating more initial guesses with varied parameters.
2. Using different optimization methods and adjusting their parameters.
3. Increasing the number of iterations for optimization.
4. Using better initial seeds and more systematic exploration.

Let me think about possible code changes. The previous code uses a limited number of guesses. For example, generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine waves for frequencies 3-7. Maybe expanding this range, adding more waveforms, or varying parameters more.

Additionally, using a more aggressive differential evolution setup. For example, increasing the population size, or the number of iterations.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, generate a better initial guess by using a more informed approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate initial guesses, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, using the initial guess to generate a better starting point. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and then perturbing it slightly to avoid getting stuck in a local minimum.

In terms of code, perhaps adding more guesses with different frequencies, duty cycles, or phases. Also, considering other waveforms like square waves or other periodic functions.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], perhaps the function can be designed to be periodic with period 2. But the exact structure depends on the desired properties.

Wait, the interval is [0,2], and the function h is defined over that. The cross-correlation is computed over the entire range of shifts. For shifts larger than 2, the overlapping would be zero, but the code as written uses mode='full', which returns a longer array. However, the maximum overlap is determined by the shifts that lead to significant overlaps.

But I'm not sure if this is helpful. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the previous code to generate more initial guesses, use different optimization parameters, and maybe increase the number of guesses.

In the previous code, the guesses are created with a limited set of functions. For example, frequencies from 3 to 7. Maybe increasing the frequency range or adding more functions.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP and DE. Maybe increasing these numbers could help.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a seed, which might limit the randomness. Maybe varying the seed for different guesses or adding more randomness could help find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a randomized starting point for the optimization, such as generating multiple random guesses and optimizing each, then selecting the best one.

But with the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So, perhaps refining the existing approach by:

- Using more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Increasing the number of DE iterations.
- Using more aggressive SLSQP settings.

So, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

1. Generate more varied initial guesses.
2. Use more optimization iterations.
3. Possibly use a different optimization method or adjust the existing ones.

Another idea: the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a sequential approach where DE is used first to explore, then SLSQP to refine. This can help in finding better solutions.

Also, the code has a refine phase where it applies SLSQP again. Perhaps increasing the number of refine steps could help.

Let me think about how to implement this in code. For example, increasing the number of guesses generated by the gen_random function, or adding more generated functions.

In the code, the guesses include several generated functions. Maybe expanding the list of generated functions, like adding more sine waves with different phases or frequencies, or more rectangular pulses.

Another thing: the code uses a 45-point initial guess. Maybe trying with a different number of points, but the user prefers smaller sequences. So 45 might be acceptable.

In the previous code, the guesses include functions like gen_pulses(freq, 0.5), gen_saw(freq, 0.3), etc. Maybe adding more functions with different parameters.

For example, using different duty cycles, frequencies, phases, etc., to cover more possibilities.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would allow for better exploration.

Another thought: perhaps the initial_h_values can be modified by perturbing it. For example, adding small random noise to the initial guess and then optimizing. This could help avoid local optima.

In summary, the improvements could involve:

- Generating more initial guesses with varied waveforms.
- Increasing the number of iterations in optimization steps.
- Using more aggressive parameters in optimization.
- Adding more randomness or different starting points.
- Refining the solution with multiple optimization passes.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in code.

The previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. To generate more initial guesses, the number of guesses can be increased. For example, by generating more frequencies, phases, or other waveforms.

In the code, the guesses are generated in a for loop over frequencies, adding different functions. To expand this, we can increase the range of frequencies or add more types of waveforms.

Also, the code uses multiple gen_random calls. Perhaps increasing the number of calls could help explore more random initial guesses.

Another thing is the use of differential evolution. The current code uses 30 iterations for DE. Maybe increasing that number.

Additionally, the refine phase uses 5 iterations of SLSQP. Maybe increasing that number could help.

Also, the code uses a fixed seed for the initial guess. If the initial seed is not optimal, perhaps using a different seed for the random function could help. However, the code already uses the seed parameter, so it's possible to vary the seed for different runs.

But since the function run is called with a seed, perhaps using a different seed for generating random guesses would help.

In the code, the initial_h_values is used as the first guess. Then, other guesses are generated. To ensure diversity, perhaps generating more guesses with different parameters.

Another idea: instead of using fixed parameters for the generated functions, vary them more.

For example, in the gen_pulses function, varying the frequency and duty cycle across a broader range.

In the previous code, the frequencies are from 3 to 7. Maybe increasing that to 3 to 10.

Also, varying the duty cycle from 0.3 to 0.7.

Additionally, adding more generated functions, such as different waveforms or more complex functions.

Another possible change is to add more random guesses. For example, generating more gen_random() calls.

In the previous code, there are 5 random guesses generated. Increasing that number could help find better initial solutions.

In terms of code, the guesses are generated with:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 8):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 5):
    guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

To generate more guesses, perhaps increasing the number of phases, or changing the frequency ranges.

Another idea is to use a different method for generating guesses. For example, trying to generate functions with specific properties that could minimize the overlap.

But without knowing what those properties are, it's difficult. So, generating a diverse set of guesses is better.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation function. The cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate, which returns a full correlation. However, perhaps using a more efficient or accurate method for the evaluation.

But scipy's correlate is likely efficient enough.

In the end, the code needs to be modified to generate more initial guesses, use more optimization steps, and adjust parameters to find a better solution.

So, the new code should include:

- More initial guesses.
- More iterations in optimization steps.
- Possibly more varied waveforms.
- Better handling of constraints.
- More aggressive optimization parameters.

Now, translating this into code changes.

For example, increasing the range of frequencies for generated functions. Also, generating more phases for sine functions. Adding more random guesses.

In the code, the freq loop is for freq in range(3, 8). Changing this to range(3, 12) would add more frequencies.

Also, varying the duty cycles in the generated functions. For example, instead of fixed values like 0.5, 0.3, 0.4, use more diverse values.

Another change is to increase the number of DE iterations and refine steps.

In the code, the DE is run twice, each time with maxiter=30. Increasing that to 50 or 100 might help.

Additionally, the refine steps can be increased. The code currently does 5 refine steps. Maybe increasing to 10 or 20.

Also, using a different method for the initial guesses. For example, adding more generated functions like square waves or other periodic functions.

In the code, the functions gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine are used. Perhaps adding gen_square or other waveforms.

But for simplicity, maybe stick with the existing ones and expand their parameters.

So, the modified code would include:

1. More generated functions with varied parameters.
2. More initial guesses.
3. More iterations in DE and refine steps.
4. Adjusting the optimization parameters.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

For example, in the code:

Change the frequency range to generate more functions.

Also, varying the duty cycles for pulses and other functions.

Another point: the code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-10. Maybe reducing this to a larger value for faster convergence, then refining.

Overall, the goal is to generate more diverse initial guesses and optimize them more thoroughly.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. The previous code uses some parameters, and the changes should not make it too slow.

Another thing: in the previous code, the de_guess function is called twice, with maxiter=30. Increasing this to 50 or 100 could take more time, but with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Finally, I need to write the code that implements these changes. The code should start with the initial_h_values, generate more guesses, perform more optimization steps, and return the best solution.

The final code will resemble the previous one but with modified parameters and more initial guesses.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```