<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The target is to get a lower C₅ value than the current 0.38085, maybe even approaching 0.380876.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and each h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used a lot of different initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it used optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution to refine those guesses. The challenge is to find a better approach that can lead to a lower C₅ value.

Hmm. So maybe the previous approach is too slow or stuck in local minima. Let's think about possible improvements. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, or better initial guesses. Alternatively, maybe there's a smarter way to construct the function h that leads to a lower C₅.

Another thought: the current problem is similar to optimizing the overlap integral. Since the integral involves the function and its shifted version, perhaps there's a way to model this with some kind of periodic structure, or use symmetry.

Wait, the overlap integral for a given k is the integral over x of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)). Since the function is defined over [0,2], when x + k exceeds 2, the term h(x + k) becomes 0. So the integral effectively depends on the overlap between h and the shifted version of h. So, the maximum over all k of this overlap integral is what we want to minimize.

So, for each k, the overlap is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). The maximum of this over all k is C₅.

Now, the previous code uses a fixed number of samples, n_points, and starts with initial_h_values. But the user's initial code uses a 45-point sample, and the previous best was around 0.381142. The target is 0.380876, which is a bit lower. So, even small improvements could be meaningful.

What can be done to improve this? Well, the previous code uses multiple optimization techniques, but maybe there's a way to better explore the search space or find a more effective initial guess.

One idea is to use a different starting point. The initial guess might be a local minimum, so trying different starting points could help escape local optima. For instance, using a more structured initial guess, like a sinusoidal wave or a combination of pulses, could lead to better results.

Another approach is to use more efficient optimization algorithms. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe a combination of methods could help. For example, using a global optimization method first to find a good initial guess, then refining it with a local method.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum integral, perhaps it's beneficial to use a method that directly targets the maximum. For example, using a penalty method that penalizes the maximum value. However, this might be computationally expensive.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a shifted function overlap, which is a type of convolution. The maximum overlap can be thought of as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. But since the cross-correlation is computed over all shifts, the maximum is the worst-case shift.

So, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as finding a function h that minimizes the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. But how to model this in an optimization problem?

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values multiplied by dx. But calculating this for all shifts could be computationally expensive. However, since the code uses numpy's correlate function, which is efficient, perhaps that's manageable.

But the previous code uses multiple optimization steps with different initial guesses. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. Let's think about the initial_h_values. The initial solution might be a suboptimal structure, so generating better initial guesses is crucial.

What if we use a more structured initial guess based on some theoretical considerations? For example, in the Erdős problem, the optimal function is known to be related to certain periodic functions or piecewise constant functions. Maybe starting with a more optimal initial guess based on known patterns could help.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm (GA) approach might be more effective in finding good initial guesses. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar to GA in some ways. But perhaps adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods could help.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method for local optimization, or Bayesian optimization for global search. But the previous code uses SLSQP and DE.

Another possible improvement is to split the problem into multiple stages. For instance, first find a good initial guess with a global method, then refine it with local optimization. Also, maybe using a hybrid approach where different parts of the function are optimized separately.

Wait, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, including random, pulses, sawtooth, etc. But maybe adding more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using a combination of pulses with different frequencies and phases, or creating more complex waveforms.

Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. For example, a function that is a combination of multiple pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted. The previous code uses various waveforms, but perhaps there's a way to create a more optimal structure.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a resource allocation problem. Since the integral of h is 1, the function must "cover" the interval [0,2] with a total area of 1. So, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of intervals where h(x)=1 and 0 in such a way that shifting the function doesn't overlap too much with itself.

But how to model this? It's a bit abstract. Maybe using a binary approach where h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. However, the problem allows for any step function, not necessarily binary. So, allowing for varying heights might help, but it's computationally more complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution has a certain symmetry. For example, the function h could be periodic or symmetric in some way, which could be exploited in the initial guess.

Another idea is to use a gradient-based optimization method with a better initialization. For example, starting from a more optimal initial guess, such as a specific pattern that's known to be close to the optimal solution.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The previous program achieved 0.381142. So even a small improvement is valuable. What can be done to get closer to that?

Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The previous code uses initial_h_values as the starting point, but perhaps a different initial guess could lead to a better result. For example, using a different construction with a different pattern.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe using a larger n_points could allow for more precise optimization, leading to a better result. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for faster execution. So maybe maintaining a moderate n_points, like 60, 80, or 100, could be a good balance between computational cost and precision.

But the code must run within 100 seconds. So the choice of n_points is critical. The previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Maybe increasing this could help, but the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code can be modified by using more efficient optimization strategies. For instance, using a better initial guess and then a more efficient local optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations and differential evolution for some steps. Maybe using a more efficient local optimization method, like BFGS, could help in refining the solution.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current objective function uses np.correlate, which is fast, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or use other optimizations.

Alternatively, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them. The current approach might not explore the search space thoroughly enough. Using a more exhaustive exploration, like a genetic algorithm with more generations, could help find better solutions, but within the time budget.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a certain popsize and maxiter. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could allow for better exploration, but this might exceed the time budget.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where a global search is followed by local refinement could be more effective. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of randomly generating some, using structured patterns that are likely to be good candidates.

For example, consider a function that is composed of several steps, each of certain length, arranged in a way that when shifted by different k, the overlap is minimized. This requires some trial and error, but perhaps there's a way to model this.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to balance the overlap values. For example, ensuring that the overlap integral is roughly the same for all k, which would minimize the maximum.

But how to model that in an optimization problem? It's a bit challenging because the overlap integrals are interdependent.

Another idea: the problem is a convex optimization problem? No, because the objective function is non-convex, as it's the maximum of several non-linear functions. Therefore, convex optimization techniques may not be directly applicable, and more sophisticated methods are required.

In conclusion, the previous code uses a combination of global and local optimization techniques with various initial guesses. To improve upon this, I might need to:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more varied and potentially better starting points.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to better explore the search space.
3. Use a different optimization strategy or combination of methods that can find a better solution.
4. Increase the number of iterations or the population size in some methods within the time budget.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to implement these ideas in the run function. The previous code uses multiple initial guesses and applies SLSQP and DE. To improve, maybe adding more structured initial guesses, such as waveforms that are likely to be optimal, and using more efficient optimization steps.

For example, generating initial guesses based on specific patterns, like multiple pulses with certain spacings, or a combination of different waveforms. Also, using Bayesian optimization for some steps might be better, but with the time constraints, perhaps sticking with the existing methods but with better parameter settings.

Another possible approach is to use a physics-inspired optimization method, like simulated annealing, but again, the code must be efficient.

So, putting this into code, maybe I can:

- Generate more structured initial guesses, like composite waveforms or patterned functions.
- Use different optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.
- Refine the solution more aggressively with local optimization.

But given the time constraints and the need for the code to run within 100 seconds, it's important to balance the number of iterations and the complexity.

So, modifying the previous code to include more structured initial guesses, perhaps using a combination of different pulses and sinusoidal patterns, and then applying SLSQP with tighter tolerances. Also, maybe using more aggressive refinement steps.

Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, create initial guesses based on known optimal structures. For example, in the Erdős problem, the optimal solution might involve a function with certain symmetries or specific pulse positions. If such structures are known, they can be used as initial guesses.

But without prior knowledge of the optimal structure, this might be speculative. However, given that the previous code uses initial_h_values, perhaps the current initial guess is a suboptimal structure, and generating a different initial structure could help.

Alternatively, I can create a new initial guess based on a more optimal pattern. For example, suppose the optimal h(x) is composed of a certain number of intervals where it's 1 or 0. For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into equal segments and set h to 1 in some of them, avoiding overlaps when shifted.

But how to determine which segments to select? This is similar to a covering problem but with shifted overlaps. This might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function has a certain periodicity. For example, if the function is periodic with a certain period, then the overlaps for different k could be minimized. However, since the function is defined on [0,2], this may not be directly applicable.

In the absence of specific theoretical insights, the best approach may be to generate more varied and effective initial guesses and improve the optimization strategy.

So, modifying the previous code's guess generation to include more patterns. For example:

- More types of waveforms (like square waves, triangle waves).
- More variations in the duty cycles and frequencies.
- Using a more systematic way to generate these guesses.

Also, adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations for SLSQP, or using a better convergence tolerance.

Another consideration: the previous code uses multiple layers of refinement. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better results, but again, needs to be balanced with the time budget.

In code terms, the previous code has:

- Initial guess from initial_h_values.
- Generating various pulses, sawtooth, triangle, sine waves.
- Random guesses.
- Applying SLSQP and DE with certain iterations.

To improve, perhaps:

- Add more types of initial guesses.
- Adjust the parameters for the optimization methods.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

So, for instance, in the guesses section, add more variations, or use different frequencies and phases for the generated functions.

Another idea: use a combination of different pulse patterns with different spacings. For example, not just pulses with 0.5 duty cycle, but varying duty cycles and positions.

Alternatively, using a function that is a concatenation of several pulses spaced in such a way that the overlaps are minimized when shifted.

But generating such functions algorithmically might be complex. However, perhaps using a grid search over possible parameters could help generate better initial guesses.

In the code, the previous generation uses functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine. Adding more such functions or adjusting their parameters could help.

For example, perhaps adding functions that generate more complex waveforms, or varying the frequencies and duty cycles more systematically.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perturb it slightly to explore nearby regions. However, this might not be effective if the initial guess is already a local minimum.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with higher diversity to find better initial guesses.

But the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of genetic algorithm. Maybe adjusting parameters like population size or mutation rates could lead to better exploration.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the code to generate more varied and potentially better initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters for more thorough exploration, and increase the number of refinement steps. Also, using a combination of different waveform patterns as initial guesses could help find a better solution.

So, in code, I'll add more initial guesses, possibly using different waveforms and parameters. Also, adjust the optimization steps to allow more iterations or better convergence.

Now, considering the code's structure, the previous code has a 'guesses' list that is filled with various generated functions. To improve this, I can add more functions. For example, adding more pulse patterns with different duty cycles, or other waveforms.

Additionally, the code uses the 'refine' function with multiple iterations. Increasing the number of refinement steps might help further improve the solution.

Another thing is the 'de_guess' function that uses differential evolution. Maybe increasing the maxiter or popsize could help, but this needs to be balanced with the time budget.

Another possible optimization is to use a different objective function evaluation. However, the current method uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

Thus, the revised code would include generating more varied initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters for better convergence, and adding more refinement steps.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Generate more structured initial guesses, like different pulse patterns with varying duty cycles and frequencies.
2. Adjust the number of iterations in the SLSQP and DE steps.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Ensure that the initial guesses are more diverse and potentially better.

In code terms, the 'guesses' list can be expanded with more functions. For example:

- Adding more frequency ranges.
- Including waveforms with different phase shifts.
- Trying different duty cycle combinations.

Moreover, the code could include generating combinations of different waveforms.

But to stay within the token limit, I need to find a concise way to generate these.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach, like varying the frequency and duty cycle in a grid manner.

However, without knowing the optimal parameters, this might not be effective. So perhaps adding more guesses with different parameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses frequencies up to 7. Maybe increasing the frequency range could lead to better initial guesses. For example, frequencies up to 10 or 15.

But with the time constraints, it's important not to overcomplicate the code.

In summary, the revised code should include:

- More initial guesses with varying waveforms and parameters.
- Adjusted optimization parameters for better exploration.
- More refinement steps.

Now, considering the code's existing structure, the 'guesses' list is built with various functions. To expand it, I can add more functions or adjust existing ones.

Also, the previous code uses a 'refine' step that applies SLSQP multiple times. Increasing the number of refinements could help.

Now, to implement this in code, the steps are:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Apply more optimization steps.
- Ensure that the code stays within the time budget.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code has a 'guesses' list that includes:

- The initial_h_values.
- Various generated functions with different frequencies, duty cycles, phases.
- Random guesses.

To expand this, I can add more generated functions, like higher frequencies or different waveforms.

For example, adding a gen_square function, or more sine waves with different phases.

Alternatively, perhaps adding more random guesses.

Another idea is to use a combination of different waveforms and then apply optimization steps.

In the revised code, I'll modify the guesses generation to include more diverse patterns. Also, adjust the parameters for the optimization steps.

Additionally, the code uses the 'refine' function with multiple iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps from 5 to 10, but this may take more time.

But given the time budget, I need to balance these steps.

Another possible optimization is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perturb it slightly. However, this might not be effective.

In the end, the revised code will include more initial guesses, adjusted optimization parameters, and more refinement steps. This should lead to a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 8):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 7):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(4, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(7):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```