<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different heuristic methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, let me recall the problem. We need to find a function h(x) on [0,2] that integrates to 1, and minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The goal is to find a step function with n_points samples that gives a lower C₅ value than the current record of 0.38085.

The previous code tried various pulse, sawtooth, triangle wave, and random initial guesses. Maybe I can explore different structures. Perhaps using more structured patterns could help, like using multiple pulses with different timings. Also, maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm or adjusting parameters to get better results.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe I can try a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing. But since time is limited, maybe using more efficient local search methods with better initial guesses.

Another thought: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps it's beneficial to model this as a convex optimization problem. But since the objective is non-convex (due to the maximum), it's challenging. Alternatively, perhaps we can use a multi-objective approach, minimizing each possible shift's overlap while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to handle the non-convexity? Maybe using a more sophisticated local search with multiple starting points. The previous code tried several initial guesses, but perhaps there's a smarter way to generate those initial points.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points, but maybe varying n_points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. The initial_h_values has n=45, so maybe keeping n around that number is better for speed.

Another idea: the overlap is maximized over all shifts k. So, for each shift, we have an integral that we want to minimize. The maximum of these integrals is the value we need to minimize. This is similar to a worst-case scenario. Maybe we can use a greedy approach to adjust h(x) to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral can be seen as a convolution, perhaps there's a way to model this as a convolutional problem and find a function that makes the convolution as small as possible.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation of h and (1-h). The maximum value of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx gives C₅. So, the task is to find h that minimizes this maximum cross-correlation.

Another approach is to model this as a convex optimization problem with constraints. But since the maximum is involved, perhaps we can use a barrier method or other techniques. However, with the given time constraints, maybe using a more efficient optimization method with better starting points.

Perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to a better result. For example, using a more refined pattern, like having multiple pulses spaced in a way that they don't overlap too much when shifted.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. If I can adjust that or generate a better initial guess, that could help. Since the code can access initial_h_values directly, maybe modifying that could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different structure for h. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties. Or using a function with sharp transitions to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: the problem resembles designing a code with certain minimum distance properties, similar to code design in information theory. Maybe using codes with certain spacing between pulses.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over [0,2] of h is 1, the function h has an average value of 1/2. So, perhaps a good h has a pattern that's balanced, but when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Let me think about possible structures. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain period, maybe overlapping with itself in a controlled manner. However, given the domain [0,2], perhaps splitting it into segments.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple regions where it is 1 or 0, spaced such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function with multiple pulses spaced with gaps that are large enough to prevent overlaps when shifted.

But how to model that in a step function with a fixed number of points.

Another thought: since the integral is over [0,2], and shifting by k. The maximum overlap occurs when k is such that the intervals where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 1 overlap as much as possible. So, if we can arrange the pulses in h such that for any shift k, overlapping regions are minimized.

This sounds like a problem similar to covering the interval [0,2] with regions that are spaced to avoid overlaps when shifted. This is similar to the concept of a "greedy" code in mathematics, where you place points to maximize spacing.

Wait, perhaps the best way is to model this as a combinatorial optimization problem where we want to select positions for the step function's 1s such that for any shift, the overlap is minimized. But with the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a binary search approach for the optimal C₅, but that might be too abstract.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It used SLSQP and DE with several guesses, refining them. The current record is 0.38085, and the user is aiming for 0.380876. Wait, but the user says "lower is better", so the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The target is to find a lower bound. So the previous code achieved 0.381142, which is worse than the current record. So our goal is to find a lower C₅.

So the previous code's approach may not be sufficient. Maybe a different strategy is needed. Let's think of ways to improve the optimization process.

One possible idea is to use more sophisticated initial guesses. For instance, starting with a structured pattern that has good properties, like using a harmonic function with multiple frequencies, or a function that avoids overlapping when shifted.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, but with the time budget, it's challenging. Alternatively, using a Simulated Annealing approach could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a convex relaxation for the problem. However, since the problem is non-convex, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, we can model the problem as a quadratic optimization problem by approximating the maximum using some form of penalty, but again, it's not straightforward.

Another idea: since the overlap is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx, perhaps for the optimal h, this maximum is achieved at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that correspond to the period of the function h. So, if h has a certain periodic structure, we can focus on those shifts.

So, if h is periodic with period T, then shifting by T would not change the overlap. But the domain is [0,2], so T might be chosen such that the shifts are within that interval.

Alternatively, considering different shift intervals. For example, in the interval [0,2], the shifts k would range from -2 to 2, but since the function is periodic, perhaps focusing on shifts within a certain range.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization.

Another thought: the problem can be rephrased as finding h such that for all k, the overlap integral is below a certain threshold. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize each integral's value, but with a balance.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model for the maximum of the integrals. For example, training a model to predict the maximum based on h's structure, and then optimizing that model.

But with limited time, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, trying to use a different starting point. Since the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern, perhaps modifying it by adding more structure. For example, inserting more pulses in regions where the overlap could be minimized.

Another approach is to use a piecewise constant function with more segments. The initial_h_values might have a certain number of segments, but maybe varying the number of segments can lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n around 45 is better.

Let me think about the parameters for the optimization. The previous code used SLSQP with a maximum of 100 iterations and a tolerance of 1e-10. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. Alternatively, using more points in the differential evolution.

But with the time budget, I need to ensure that the code runs within 100 seconds. So, the approach needs to be efficient.

Wait, the previous code tried several initial guesses, then used differential evolution, then refined with SLSQP. Maybe I can improve this by using more refined initial guesses and better optimization steps.

Another idea is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of generating random guesses, using a more structured guess. For instance, starting with a function that has multiple pulses spaced at certain intervals, trying to balance the overlapping when shifted.

But how to generate that automatically.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several shifted pulses. For example, if we can arrange the pulses in h such that each pulse is placed in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

For instance, distributing the pulses uniformly. Let me think: if the total integral is 1, then the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function could be designed to have 1s in certain intervals and 0s in others, with the total length of 1s being 1. For example, if the function has m intervals where it is 1, each of length l_i, then sum l_i = 1. When shifted by k, the overlap integrals would depend on the overlap between these intervals.

So, if we can create intervals that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized. For instance, arranging the intervals such that the distance between any two intervals is larger than the length of the intervals, ensuring that shifting does not cause overlaps. However, with the integral constraint, this might not be possible.

But if the intervals are spaced such that the distance between them is sufficient, then the overlap when shifted would be minimized. This is similar to designing a code with minimum distance between pulses.

This sounds like a covering problem. For example, placing m intervals (of total length 1) on [0,2] such that the maximum overlap when shifted is minimized.

But how to model this as a step function with n points.

Alternatively, think of it as a set of points where the function is 1, and the rest 0. But the function can take values between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, so it can have multiple levels. But the optimization is over step functions with values in [0,1]. So, perhaps having non-binary values could help in balancing the overlaps.

But this complicates the structure. Perhaps focusing on binary step functions (0s and 1s) could be easier to model, but may not give the optimal result.

Another idea: using the fact that for the optimal h, the maximum overlap is achieved at certain shifts, and trying to bring the function's values to minimize those particular overlaps. For example, if we can identify the critical shifts k that are likely to give the maximum overlap, we can adjust the function to reduce those integrals.

But how to find those critical shifts without knowing the optimal h.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based optimization approach that focuses on those shifts. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Going back to the initial approach. The previous code tried several initial guesses, then used DE and SLSQP. Maybe we can optimize the initial guesses by creating more structured ones. For example, generating a function that has a certain number of pulses spaced at regular intervals.

Let me think about creating a pulse function with multiple segments. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into several segments, each of which has a certain value. For example, if we have m segments where the value is 1, and others are 0. The total length of 1s must be 1.

Let me think of a specific example. Suppose we have n_points = 45. The total length of 1s is 1. So, the interval [0,2] has length 2, so the average value is 0.5. If we spread the 1s over the interval, we can have, say, 4 pulses of length 0.25 each, totaling 1. Then placing these pulses in positions that are spread out. For example, at 0.2, 0.6, 1.0, 1.4, etc. But I need to compute the corresponding h_values for the step function.

But how to generate such a structure in the code.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a function with multiple pulses spaced evenly. The code could generate a pulse with a certain amplitude and spacing.

But with the current problem, I need to create code that can generate such initial guesses and then optimize them. Let me think about how to generate this.

Let me think of another approach: using a Fourier series approach. The function h(x) could be designed to have certain frequency components that minimize the overlap integral. However, this is quite abstract and might not be straightforward to implement in the code within the time constraints.

Another idea: since the integral is over shifts, and the overlap is maximized for some shift, perhaps the worst-case shift is when the two functions have their 1s overlapping as much as possible. Therefore, we need to design h so that no two shifts cause significant overlap.

This is similar to a covering code problem, where we want to place intervals such that any shift doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, if the h(x) is 1 over intervals that are spread out, then when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Perhaps this suggests using a structure similar to a binary code with certain properties. For example, using a code where each pulse is spaced at least a certain distance apart. But how to model this.

Alternatively, using a grid-based approach. Let me think: divide the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assign 1s to certain parts such that shifting doesn't cause much overlap.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Alternatively, using a ternary structure. For example, having 1s, 0s, and intermediate values to balance the overlaps.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's method by adjusting parameters, trying different initial guesses, and optimizing more effectively.

Let me think about the previous code. It started with the initial_h_values, then generated various guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Then, for each guess, it ran SLSQP optimization. Then used differential evolution for more exploration, then refinement steps.

Maybe I can increase the number of initial guesses, or generate more structured ones. Also, perhaps changing the DE parameters to allow better exploration.

Another thing: the previous code used a population size of 150 for DE. Maybe increasing the population size could lead to better exploration, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, I can try different numbers of initial guesses, or use a combination of different types of initial guesses. For example, generating more pulses, different spacing, varying duty cycles, etc.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize several of the overlaps simultaneously. However, implementing this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a Lagrangian relaxation approach, where we include the integral constraint as a penalty in the objective function. But with the non-convexity, this might not work well.

Another possible optimization: the previous code used a fixed number of SLSQP iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with better initial points, and then refining them.

But given the time, I need to think of a code that can be implemented within the time budget.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that can be modified to improve the C₅ value. For example, adjusting the positions of the samples where h becomes 1 or 0.

But without knowing what the initial_h_values is, I can't directly alter it. However, the code can use the initial_h_values as a starting point and make small perturbations to see if that leads to better results.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as the first guess, then perturbing it slightly to explore better areas.

But given all that, perhaps the previous code's approach is already solid, but there's room for improvement by tweaking parameters, increasing the number of initial guesses, or changing the initial guess generation methods.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different structures (e.g., more pulses, different patterns).
2. Use more efficient optimization methods, like using a better solver (e.g., with more iterations or better tolerances).
3. Adjust the DE and SLSQP parameters to allow better convergence.
4. Focus on refining the best solution found, using more refinement steps.

Let me think about implementing these changes in code.

First, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random variations. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like square waves, or more pulses with different frequencies.

But with limited time, perhaps increasing the number of guesses generated would help.

Another change: the previous code uses a fixed number of DE iterations. Maybe reducing the number of DE generations but increasing the population size to explore more thoroughly. Or using a hybrid approach of DE followed by SLSQP.

Also, maybe the DE step could be replaced with a more efficient optimization method for the initial phase.

Furthermore, the refinement steps use SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Increasing the number of refinement steps might help in converging to a better solution.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point. Maybe using it as the first guess, then generating other guesses that are perturbations of it. Or using it as a baseline and trying to improve it.

Another idea: using a different initial guess for the random function. Instead of randomizing, maybe generating a more structured random initial guess. For example, using a random placement of pulses that meet the integral constraint.

But how to implement this.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can generate more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters in the pulse and sawtooth functions. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles.

In the previous code, the guesses include pulses with frequencies from 3 to 9, and duty cycles of 0.2 to 0.6. Maybe expanding this to include more frequencies or different structures.

Additionally, the code can try other functions, like a square wave with certain parameters, or a sinusoidal function with different frequencies.

Another approach: using a combination of multiple pulses with different spacings and amplitudes, ensuring that the integral constraint is satisfied. This could be generated algorithmically.

But how to implement this in code.

Alternatively, the code can sample the initial guesses from a grid of parameters for pulses and sawtooth functions, increasing the chances of finding a good initial guess.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to generate more initial guesses with different structures, increasing the number of DE iterations, and refining the solution more thoroughly could lead to a better C₅ value.

Let me outline the changes I want to make:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more pulse and sawtooth functions.
- Adjust the parameters of the DE and SLSQP optimization to allow better convergence.
- Add more refinement steps to polish the best solution found.
- Use the initial_h_values as a strong starting point and focus on improving it.

So, in code, I would generate more guesses, perhaps including more frequency ranges or different duty cycles. Also, adjust the DE parameters, like increasing the population size or the number of generations.

Additionally, the refinement step uses SLSQP with 70 iterations, which might be sufficient, but maybe increasing it slightly.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The previous code already has a run function that uses the initial_h_values and generates several guesses. To improve it, perhaps adding more generated guesses and tweaking the optimization parameters.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (45). If the code can afford to use a slightly larger n_points (say, 60), it might have better resolution, but this may require more time. However, the problem prefers smaller sequences, so keeping it around 45 is better.

In conclusion, the main changes would be to generate more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and refine the solution more thoroughly.

Now, implementing these changes in code:

- Generate more initial guesses, like adding more pulses with varying frequencies and duties.
- Increase the number of DE iterations and population size.
- Refine the solution with more SLSQP iterations.
- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then add more guesses based on it.

But the code needs to stay within the 100-second budget. So, the number of DE generations and SLSQP iterations must be balanced.

Thus, the revised code would look similar to the previous one but with more guesses and adjusted parameters.

I'll now proceed to write the code with these changes, ensuring that it adheres to the constraints of not using long literals and keeping it efficient.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 120, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=180, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 90, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```