<think>
Okay, let me try to figure out how to approach this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and our target is to get even lower, like 0.380876. 

The previous code uses a combination of different heuristics: generating various pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and sine wave patterns as initial guesses, then using SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's room for improvement. 

First, I need to understand what the problem is really about. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2] with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute how much the function h(x) overlaps with its complement. The task is to minimize the maximum of these overlaps.

The previous approach starts with some initial patterns and then optimizes. But perhaps a different strategy could yield better results. Maybe using more structured patterns, or combining different shapes. Also, maybe using a different optimization method. 

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using more efficient optimization techniques, like genetic algorithms, or other metaheuristics. However, given the time constraints, we need an efficient approach. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap, which might relate to concepts in signal processing, like binary sequences with low autocorrelation. But since we are dealing with real numbers in [0,1], perhaps there's a way to model this as a continuous optimization problem.

The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. 

Hmm. One idea is to use Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation can be related to the Fourier transform. But the integral over all shifts k might be connected to the Fourier coefficients of h. However, since we are maximizing over k, perhaps not directly applicable. 

Alternatively, considering the integral for a specific k, maybe we can model this as a quadratic optimization problem. But with the constraint on the integral, it might be challenging. 

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. So, if we can find a function h where for all k, the overlap is below a certain threshold, that would be ideal. The current upper bound is 0.38085, so we need to find a function that gets even closer to this.

The initial approach tried various waveforms, which might be good starting points. But perhaps a better approach is to use more structured patterns. For example, creating a function that is a series of "blocks" with certain widths and spacing. 

Wait, the previous code used different frequencies to generate pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe using a combination of different shapes with varied parameters could lead to better results. For instance, using a more complex waveform that balances the areas where h is 1 and 0. 

Another thought: the current method uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. The initial_h_values is likely for n=45, which is under 1k. However, the previous code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise function, but the time budget is tight. 

Wait, but the user's previous version used n=45, and the code seems to work within 100 seconds. However, maybe using a larger n_points could give a better result, but the time might be a problem. However, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so using n=45 is acceptable. 

Alternatively, maybe the current code is too slow because it uses multiple optimization steps. The previous code uses several SLSQP and differential evolution steps. Perhaps optimizing the hyperparameters of these methods, or using a more efficient optimization approach. 

Another approach: instead of using scipy's optimization functions, perhaps using a different algorithm, such as simulated annealing, or a genetic algorithm. However, given the time constraints, genetic algorithms might be too slow. 

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize, which includes differential evolution and SLSQP. The previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 50 and maxiter=30. Maybe adjusting those parameters could help. For example, increasing the population size or the number of iterations, but that might take more time. 

Another thought: the initial guess is important. The code uses initial_h_values as the starting point. If the initial guess is not good, the optimization might get stuck in a local minimum. So perhaps generating multiple initial guesses from different structures could lead to better results. 

The previous code generates some pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and sine wave patterns as initial guesses. Maybe adding more types of waveforms or varying parameters could help. For example, using more complex patterns with multiple frequencies or varying duty cycles.

Alternatively, perhaps the use of a more sophisticated initialization. For example, instead of generating random functions, maybe create a structured function that tries to balance the overlaps. 

Another idea: since the integral is fixed, the function h must be a probability distribution over the interval [0,2]. The problem resembles designing a function that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. This seems related to the concept of optimal designs in statistical experiments, but I'm not sure. 

Perhaps the key is to model this as a continuous optimization problem and use gradient-based methods. However, the objective function involves a max over k, which is non-differentiable. So, during optimization, it's challenging to compute gradients. 

Alternatively, for a given h, the maximum C5 is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. To optimize, we need to minimize this maximum. 

Another approach: since the integral is 1, the function h(x) can be thought of as a simple function. For example, if h is a binary step function, but with overlap, but since we are allowing values in [0,1], maybe using a piecewise function with certain parameters. 

Wait, perhaps using a piecewise constant function, like a partition of the interval [0,2] into intervals where the function is either 0 or 1, and the total area is 1. However, when the function is not binary, but has more gradations, maybe the overlap can be minimized. 

But how does this help? Maybe by structuring the function to have overlapping parts minimized. For example, ensuring that whenever h is high (close to 1), the shifted version is low (close to 0), and vice versa. 

Alternatively, maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, if h is periodic with some period T, then the shifts by multiples of T might not contribute to the maximum. But since the domain is [0,2], this could be tricky. 

Another idea: the problem is similar to the "Erdős–Rényi" kind of problem in combinatorics, but here in continuous space. The original Erdős problem was about minimizing the maximum overlap between two sets, but here it's a continuous equivalent. 

But perhaps the solution is inspired by known sequences with low autocorrelation. For example, in digital communications, sequences with low autocorrelation are used to minimize interference. Maybe using a similar concept here. 

But how to translate that into a continuous problem? 

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a sum of different pulses with varying positions and widths. For example, placing certain "blocks" of h(x) where it's 1, and ensuring that when shifted, these blocks don't overlap too much with other blocks. 

But again, how to translate this into an algorithm. 

Perhaps the key is to use a combination of different initial guesses, and then perform a more refined optimization. For example, using genetic algorithms to evolve better solutions, or using a particle swarm optimization. However, given the time constraints and the need for efficiency, maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization method than differential evolution and SLSQP. 

In the previous code, they used SLSQP for refinement steps. Maybe using a more efficient method, like a conjugate gradient or BFGS, but those require differentiability. However, the objective function is not differentiable due to the max over k, so that might not be feasible. 

Alternatively, maybe for a given h, compute the cross-correlation values for all possible k, and take the maximum. Then, during optimization, approximate the maximum by sampling certain k values. This could make the problem more tractable. 

Wait, the cross-correlation is calculated over the entire range of k. However, for the function h with support on [0, 2], the shifts k that would lead to overlaps are between -2 and 2. But the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. For a function defined on [0,2], the correlation for k in the range from -2 to 2. However, when using a discrete approximation with n_points samples, the actual shifts correspond to different numbers. 

This might complicate things, but perhaps the previous approach is correct. 

Another angle: the code's current approach uses a variety of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses that are more structured, like binary or ternary partitions with specific properties, could lead to better results. 

Also, the previous code uses a lot of computational steps. Perhaps reducing the number of steps and focusing on more refined optimization could help. For example, using a more aggressive initial search and then refining. 

Another idea: the current code uses several different guess generators. Maybe combining those with a more sophisticated approach, such as using a random search with better parameter tuning. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the code should be optimized for speed. The previous code has a few passes with differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe reducing the number of iterations in those steps, but with a better initial guess. 

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with a local method. 

Wait, the initial code uses a combination of different guess types and then applies SLSQP and DE. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to suboptimal results. 

So, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For instance, using different pulse shapes, varying frequencies, and adding different modulation (like phases in sine waves). 

Another thought: the current initial guesses are generated for frequencies from 3 to 7. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies, or adding more types of waves. For example, adding a square wave with certain parameters, or a scaled sine wave with varying duty cycles. 

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of multiple waveforms. For example, combining a pulse with a sine wave to create a more complex pattern. 

But in the code, there's a function called gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_sine. Maybe adding more variations there. 

Another point: the code uses a fixed n_points (45) from the initial_h_values. But if the initial H values are from n=45, then the code is stuck with that. However, if the initial_h_values are not provided, we can choose a different number of points. But according to the rules, we should use the initial_h_values directly if available. 

So, the code is using n=45. Maybe trying larger n_points could help improve the result, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, that could be challenging. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so 45 is acceptable. 

Another idea: maybe exploit the structure of the problem. The overlap integral for each k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me think about what this represents. For each x, h(x) is 1 or 0 (in the limit of a binary function), and the overlap is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So, the maximum of these areas over all k is what we want to minimize. 

In the continuous case, it's similar to finding a function that avoids being 1 and 0 over overlapping regions, but with the integral constraint. 

Perhaps the optimal function is a pattern that alternates between regions of high and low values, spaced in such a way that shifts don't overlap much. 

For example, if the function h is a sequence of blocks where it's 1 for a certain length, then 0 for another, then 1 again, etc., arranged such that any shift would not align the blocks in a way that causes high overlap. 

But how to translate that into a continuous function. 

Maybe creating a function with a certain period, where the total area over each period is such that when shifted by the period, the overlap is minimized. 

However, designing such a function is non-trivial. 

Another thought: if we model h as a sum of rectangular pulses, each of width w and height 1, spaced such that their positions are chosen to minimize the maximum overlap. The total area of the pulses would be 1, so the number of pulses multiplied by their width equals 1. 

For example, suppose we have m pulses, each of width w = 1/m. Then, the total area is m * (w * 1) = m*(1/m) = 1. 

But how to arrange these pulses to minimize the maximum overlap. 

If the pulses are spaced apart, then shifting by a certain amount would move them away from each other. However, if the pulses are overlapping when shifted, then the overlap becomes significant. 

This is similar to the problem of packing intervals on the real line to minimize overlaps under shifts. 

But designing such a pattern optimally is challenging. 

Alternatively, using a staggered pattern, where the pulses are not periodically placed but instead spaced in a way that any shift would not align them. 

But again, how to model this. 

Given that we are dealing with a continuous function, perhaps the optimal solution is to use a function with certain symmetry properties. 

But this is all very abstract. Let's think about the previous code again. It uses various patterns as initial guesses. Maybe the best approach is to improve upon that by refining the initial guesses and optimization steps. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses include multiple waveforms, and the code uses several optimize steps. To improve, perhaps generating more initial guesses that are more diverse. For example, including different types of waveforms with varying parameters. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bounds-constrained optimization. 

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, perhaps using a penalty method to enforce the constraints. 

Wait, but the problem is already constrained with the integral. So the previous code uses a constraint for the sum. 

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initialization, such as varying the initial h_values based on some structured patterns. For example, using a random permutation of pulses, or a grid search over certain parameters. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For example, using more aggressive optimization steps, or tweaking the hyperparameters. 

Looking at the previous code, the differential evolution is run twice with some iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size. However, the code has a time limit. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the refinement steps. 

Another thought: the previous code uses a multi-step optimization, including DE and SLSQP. Maybe combining these steps with more intelligent hyperparameter tuning. For instance, for SLSQP, adjusting the tolerance and maximum iterations. 

Also, the code uses several different initial guesses. Maybe adding more variations. 

In the previous code, the guesses include:

- The initial_h_values.

- For frequencies 3-7, different waveforms with varying parameters.

- Some sine waves with different phases.

- Some random functions.

Perhaps expanding the number of waveforms or frequencies could lead to better initial guesses. 

But given the code's structure, it's already generating a variety of initial guesses. 

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to calculate the cross-correlation. Instead of using np.correlate, which may be slow, maybe precomputing the shifts. 

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. For each k, the integral is calculated over the overlapping regions. However, the code's approach is correct. 

Another idea: perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for certain specific shifts (like k=0, 1, 2, etc.). However, in the continuous case, the maximum could occur at any shift. 

But in practice, for a sampled function with n_points, the shifts that contribute most to the maximum are those that align the function with itself in a way that leads to high overlap. 

Another possible optimization: instead of considering all possible shifts, focus on the shifts that are most critical. For example, for the given n_points, the shifts correspond to certain numbers of steps. 

However, the current code considers all possible shifts. 

So, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses are constructed with different structures. Maybe adding more of these, like varying the duty cycles, or using different wave forms. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating multiple functions with different parameters (like frequency, duty cycle, phase) and using those as starting points. 

But again, the code already includes some of these. 

Another possible approach is to use a neural network to approximate the optimal function. However, given the time constraints and the lack of a GPU, this is probably not feasible. 

Another idea: since the function is piecewise constant (as it's sampled with n_points), maybe model it as a binary or ternary function and optimize the positions and widths of the blocks. 

For example, if the function is made of m blocks where h is 1 or 0, then the problem becomes selecting the positions and widths of these blocks such that the total area is 1 and the maximum overlap is minimized. 

This would turn the problem into an integer optimization problem, which could be very difficult. However, for a small number of blocks, it might be feasible. 

But given the time and computational constraints, this approach may not be practical. 

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: iteratively adding or removing blocks to improve the overlap. 

But again, this is not straightforward. 

Given all these thoughts, the best approach might be to stick with the previous code but make some modifications to improve the initial guesses and optimization steps. For example:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more waveforms with different parameters.

- Tune the parameters of the optimization algorithms (like increasing the number of iterations, or changing the method).

- Use more efficient methods for each step, like using a better optimizer for refinement steps.

But how to implement this in code. Let's see. 

Looking back at the code, perhaps the main issues are:

1. The number of initial guesses might be insufficient. 

2. The optimization steps might be too few or with suboptimal parameters.

3. The code might not be utilizing the available time effectively.

To address these, perhaps adding more initial guesses, increasing the iterations in DE and SLSQP, and using better methods.

But since the code is already doing that, perhaps making a more efficient use of the time. 

Another thought: perhaps the problem is that the current code uses a fixed number of points (n=45). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. However, with n=45, the code might already be sufficient. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. Since the initial_h_values is given, maybe using that as the best starting point and then refining it with more advanced optimization. 

But the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, then applies other guesses. 

Another possible improvement: using a more sophisticated calculation of the cross-correlation. For example, using the fast Fourier transform (FFT) to compute it. 

The cross-correlation between h and 1 - h can be computed as the convolution of h and (1 - h) reversed. But since we are integrating over the entire interval, the cross-correlation in the continuous case might be related to the FFT. 

However, for the discrete case, using FFT could be faster. Let me think: the cross-correlation between h and (1-h) is computed as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)). 

But for the given code, the np.correlate function is used. Maybe using FFT to compute the cross-correlation might be faster, especially for larger n_points. But with n=45, the difference is negligible. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, instead of trying to minimize the maximum individually, use a multi-objective optimization approach. 

But again, given the time constraints, this may not be feasible. 

Another possible optimization: in the code, the cross-correlation is computed on every step. This can be time-consuming. Perhaps caching or precomputing certain values could help. 

But in the code, this is already done. 

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It generates several initial guesses, then applies SLSQP to each, and later applies DE and then SLSQP again. 

What if we use a different order of optimization steps? For example, using DE first to find a good initial guess, then applying SLSQP for refinement. 

Alternatively, using a different optimizer for the initial steps. 

But the code already uses DE and SLSQP. 

Another possible improvement is to use multiple restarts with different initial conditions, which is what the code is already doing. 

Another idea: the code uses 5 refinement steps. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help find a better minimum. However, the time budget is tight. 

Another angle: the code's current best is 0.381142, which is slightly above the goal of 0.380876. So, perhaps a small improvement can be made by tweaking the code. 

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the code generates a few waveforms, but maybe if we generate more, the optimization can find a better solution. 

Another thought: the code uses a fixed number of points, but perhaps varying the number of points could lead to better solutions. However, the problem constraints prefer smaller sequences, so n=45 is acceptable. 

Given all this, perhaps the best course of action is to modify the code to generate more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and possibly use a different optimizer for the refinement steps. 

For example, changing the SLSQP method to use more iterations, or using a different optimizer for the global search. 

But since the code is already using differential evolution for global search and SLSQP for local refinement, perhaps the main issue is the number of initial guesses. 

So, in the code, the guesses are generated as follows:

- The initial_h_values is the first guess.

- For frequencies 3 to 7, generate pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with certain parameters.

- For some phases, generate sine waves.

- For a few random functions.

Maybe generating more waveforms, like including more frequency values, more duty cycles, or different waveform types (e.g., square waves, etc.), could lead to better initial guesses. 

Alternatively, generating more random functions to increase diversity.

Another possibility is to use a hybrid optimization approach, where in the initial steps, a global optimizer like DE is used, followed by a local optimizer like SLSQP. 

The previous code does this. 

Another thought: the code's DE step is called twice with a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the DE step, but with more time. 

Also, the code uses a time check to break early if the budget is approaching. Maybe adjusting the thresholds for when to break could help. 

In summary, to improve the code:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.

- Use more iterations in the optimization steps.

- Adjust hyperparameters for the optimization methods.

- Possibly change the optimization method for refining steps.

Given these considerations, I'll proceed to modify the code accordingly.

First, increasing the number of initial guesses by adding more waveforms. For example, increasing the frequency range, adding more duty cycles, and varying other parameters.

Then, adjusting the DE and SLSQP parameters to allow more iterations, but within the time limit.

Also, perhaps using a different optimizer for the refinement steps. For example, using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

Additionally, ensuring that the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then explores other possibilities.

Let me try to outline the changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses by adding more waveform types and variations.

2. Increase the number of iterations for the DE step.

3. Use a higher number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

4. Possibly adjust the `ftol` and `maxiter` parameters in the optimization steps.

5. Ensure that the initial_h_values is used effectively.

Now, translating this into code.

The current code's guesses include:

- The initial_h_values.

- For frequencies 3-7, gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle.

- For some phases, gen_sine.

- Some random functions.

To generate more initial guesses, perhaps adding more frequencies, or varying the duty cycles. For example, for each frequency, generate multiple duty cycles. 

Also, including more types of waveforms, like square waves (which are similar to pulses), or maybe other waveforms.

Let me modify the code part where guesses are generated. For example, adding more frequency ranges and varying duty cycles. 

Another idea: generate more random functions to increase diversity. 

In the previous code, the loop for generating random functions is run 5 times. Maybe increasing that to more, but within the time constraints.

Alternatively, generating random functions less frequently, but with more parameters.

In the code's 'guesses' list, the lines are:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 8):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
for phase in np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 5):
    guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

So, frequencies from 3 to 7 (inclusive?), so 5 frequencies (3,4,5,6,7), and for each, three waveforms. 

To add more, perhaps increasing the frequency range to include more values, or generating more waveforms per frequency. 

For example, expanding the frequency range to 3 to 10, and for each frequency, generating multiple duty cycles. 

But with the time constraints, I need to balance between diversity and compute time.

Another modification: changing the initial_h_values to be more refined. But according to the rules, we must use the initial_h_values directly.

So, in the code, the initial guess is h (initial_h_values), and then other guesses. 

Another possible improvement: in the refinement step, using more iterations of SLSQP. 

In the previous code, after the initial optimization steps, there's a loop that runs 5 times, refining with SLSQP. The 'refine' function is called with 'maxiter' of 400. 

Perhaps increasing the maxiter could help, but it may take more time. 

Also, the code uses the SLSQP method with some tolerances. 

Another thing to consider is that the 'cons' function might have poor scaling, leading to numerical issues. But the code seems to handle that. 

Another idea: to use a better initial guess for the refinement steps. For example, using the best guess found so far. 

Overall, the changes involve generating more initial guesses and using more refined optimization steps. 

Let me proceed to code these changes. 

The modified code would include:

- Expanding the frequency range and generating more waveforms for each.

- Adding more random functions.

- Increasing the number of iterations for optimization steps.

But given the code's existing structure, I need to adjust these parts. 

Let me also think about the time budget. The previous code uses 100 seconds. The current code may be able to run more optimization steps within that time. 

Finally, implementing these changes in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_sine(freq, phase, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.4))
    for phase in np.linspace(0, 2 * np.pi, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_sine(3, phase, 0.6))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```