<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But I need to think of a better approach.

First, let's understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and each value is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach tried various initial guesses and used optimization techniques. But maybe there's a way to find a better structure for h. Let me think about possible structures. For example, maybe using a periodic or symmetric pattern would help. Since the problem is over [0,2], maybe splitting it into intervals where h is constant or follows a certain pattern.

Another idea is to use a more systematic approach. Since the overlap integral depends on the maximum value over all shifts k, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging. So, maybe we can use a different optimization strategy or a better initialization.

The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe combining different strategies would help. For instance, starting with a good initial guess and then refining it with more efficient methods. Also, the choice of initial guesses might be critical. Maybe the initial guess from the imported 'initial_h_values' is not the best, and exploring other structures could lead to better results.

Wait, the assistant is supposed to start from the current construction, which is available via initial_h_values. So perhaps the initial guess is a good starting point, but maybe we can modify it by adding some perturbations or adjusting certain parameters.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts. If we can design h such that it's spread out in a way that the overlap with itself shifted by any k is minimized. This is similar to a spreading out the function's mass to prevent any region from having too high a concentration.

Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with alternating regions. For example, a "checkerboard" pattern where h is high in some intervals and low in others. Alternatively, using a function that's high in regions spaced apart such that shifting by k would result in overlapping in a controlled way.

Since the previous code used pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, maybe trying other waveforms or composite functions could be useful. For example, combining multiple pulses with different frequencies and amplitudes.

Another thought: since the problem involves a convolution-like operation (correlation), perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. Maybe it's symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], which could help in balancing the overlap.

Let me think about the current code's approach. It first tries a bunch of initial guesses, like different pulses, sawtooth, etc., then uses SLSQP to refine them. Then applies differential evolution for a few iterations, and then further refines with SLSQP. But maybe the differential evolution step is too slow, or the initial guesses are not diverse enough.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm might be more effective in exploring the search space. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar in some ways. Maybe combining different optimization techniques could help.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of n_points (like 45). Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a higher n_points would allow for finer variations in h, but might be computationally heavier. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n_points low is better.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for faster optimization. So keeping n_points low, like 45 as in the initial_h_values, is better. So perhaps the initial code is already using a manageable size.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a given h is determined by the maximum over all shifts k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to a conflict resolution problem where we want to minimize the worst-case conflict.

Perhaps using a function that is high in regions that are spaced out with certain intervals. For example, dividing [0,2] into segments and setting h to high in non-overlapping segments. However, since the integral must be 1, these segments need to be of certain lengths.

For example, if we divide [0,2] into m intervals where h is 1 in each, then the total length would be m * L = 2, so each interval length is 2/m. But if m is even, maybe alternating between high and low. However, this might not be optimal since shifts could still result in overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, but with overlapping parts that are minimized. For example, a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but arranged such that any shift overlaps with the high regions as little as possible.

But since the function is over [0,2], the shifts can be up to 2 (since the integral is over x and x+k). For example, when k is larger than 2, the convolution might wrap around, but I think the problem uses the full convolution mode, which includes shifts that extend beyond the interval.

Wait, the problem says that the integral is over x from 0 to 2, and h(x) is in [0,1]. So when evaluating h(x)(1 - h(x + k)), the x + k might be outside [0,2], but since the original function h is defined on [0,2], perhaps the integral is adjusted for those cases. Or maybe the code uses a specific way of handling those, such as truncating.

But in the code, the correlation is calculated using np.correlate with mode 'full', which extends the arrays with zeros. So when k is large, the correlation might involve parts that are zero. However, the integral in the problem is over x in [0,2], so for each k, the integral is over x where both h(x) and h(x +k) are defined. Wait, no, perhaps the original problem's integral is over x in [0,2], and h(x +k) is considered only where x +k is in [0,2], or maybe the integral is over x such that x and x +k are in [0,2]. But maybe the code is using a different approach. Let me think:

The original integral for a given k is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, if x +k is outside [0,2], then h(x +k) is zero? Or is the integral only over the range where both x and x +k are in [0,2]? That's unclear, but the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which pads the arrays with zeros. So for a given h, the correlation would be calculated over all possible lags. For example, for the correlation between h and 1 - h, the result for a lag k would be sum_{x} h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)), where x +k is within the range where the arrays are valid. But since h is defined on [0,2], and the code uses a discrete representation, the correlation is computed over the discrete points as if the function is extended with zeros outside [0,2].

But this might not exactly match the original integral's definition. However, the code uses that approach, and the problem seems to accept that. So maybe the main idea is to optimize h such that for all lags k (shifts), the overlap is minimized.

Another approach: since the function h is being optimized, perhaps using a method that directly minimizes the maximum over all k. However, this is a non-convex problem and difficult to solve directly. So the previous code's approach of trial and error with different initial guesses and optimization techniques is probably the way to go.

Now, thinking about the current code's shortcomings. The previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, which might be limited. For example, the initial guess from initial_h_values may not be the best. So perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. Also, the optimization methods could be tuned better. For instance, using a combination of genetic algorithms and local searches.

Another idea is to use a space-filling curve or a grid search over some parameters to generate initial guesses. However, for time constraints, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, using parameterized functions, such as combining multiple pulse-like functions with different parameters.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation. In signal processing, minimizing the autocorrelation is important. However, this problem is a bit different because it's not exactly autocorrelation but a shifted overlap.

Wait, the overlap integral is similar to the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, for each k, the integral is the cross-correlation at lag k. Therefore, the maximum of these cross-correlations is what needs to be minimized.

So, the problem reduces to finding a binary or piecewise constant function h (with 0 and 1) that has minimal maximum cross-correlation with itself shifted. But since h can take values between 0 and 1, perhaps allowing for more flexibility.

But the previous code uses a continuous step function. Now, the current task is to improve upon the previous approach.

Let me consider the initial_h_values. What does that look like? Well, it's a starting point, but without knowing the exact values, I have to assume that it's a reasonable initial guess. However, perhaps modifying it by adding small perturbations or adjusting certain regions could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses, which may not be the most efficient. Instead, focusing on a few well-chosen parameterized functions might lead to better results.

For example, creating a function that's a combination of multiple pulses with varying amplitudes and positions. But how to parameterize that?

Alternatively, considering a function h that is high in certain intervals and low in others, arranged in a way that any shift k would overlap with the high regions minimally. For instance, if the high regions are spaced so that shifting by k would not align them with other high regions.

But how to model that. Maybe dividing the interval [0,2] into m equal parts and setting h to be 1 in every other part, or something similar. For example, if we divide into n intervals and set h to 1 in certain intervals, but that may not work due to the integral constraint.

Let me think of an example. Suppose n_points = 45. The total integral is 1, which means the average value of h is 0.5. If the function is a periodic pattern with period T, maybe that could work. For example, a square wave with duty cycle 50%, which would average to 0.5, but the overlap would depend on the shift.

But in that case, the overlap for certain shifts would be high. For example, shifting by half the period would result in the function being multiplied by itself, which may lead to higher overlaps. So maybe such a square wave is not optimal.

Another approach: using a function that is high in regions that are not aligned with each other. For example, a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, but with the intervals arranged such that their positions don't overlap much when shifted.

For instance, suppose the function has two high regions of length L, separated by enough space so that shifting by any k will not cause them to overlap. But since the total length is 2, maybe that's not possible.

Alternatively, three regions. But again, with the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is a triangle wave or similar, which has a smooth transition between high and low regions. But again, how to optimize the parameters.

Perhaps the previous code's approach of using different waveforms as initial guesses is a good idea. However, maybe adding more waveforms or varying their parameters could help. For example, trying different duty cycles or phases.

But how to generate these waveforms efficiently. The previous code has functions for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more functions like sinusoidal or other waveforms could help.

Another idea: using a more systematic approach. Instead of randomly generating initial guesses, perhaps trying to optimize certain parameters of a parameterized function. For example, a function that is a combination of several sinusoids or pulses with varying frequencies and amplitudes. But this could become complex.

Alternatively, using a fixed structure with a certain number of segments. For example, dividing the interval into m segments and optimizing the positions and lengths of these segments to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to do that. It would require a way to model the function as a set of segments and then optimize their parameters. This might be complex, but perhaps for a small number of segments, it's manageable.

But considering the time constraints and computational resources, maybe sticking with the previous approach but refining it.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization algorithm. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding more iterations or adjusting the parameters could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or using a different method.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, instead of a few types of waveforms, generating random functions with different properties.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search the space more efficiently. However, implementing that might be more complex.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is achieved when the overlap is the same for all k. This is similar to a balancing condition. If we can find a function h where the overlap integral is the same for all k, that might be the minimal possible maximum.

But how to find such a function. This seems like a difficult problem, but maybe for certain structures, like symmetric or periodic functions, this condition can be satisfied.

For instance, a symmetric function around x=1. Let's imagine that. If h is symmetric, then shifting by certain amounts would result in overlaps that are similar. However, this might not directly minimize the maximum.

Another thought: the current code's C₅ is 0.381142, which is a bit worse than the target of 0.380876. To improve this, perhaps the optimization needs to find a function where the maximum overlap integral is lower. Let's consider what that might look like.

Suppose that for the optimal function, the maximum overlap is around 0.38085, which is the current record. So the code needs to find a function that achieves this.

Maybe the optimal function has a structure that is more complex than the previous guesses. For example, combining different waveforms or having a more irregular pattern.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous approach to use more efficient optimization steps and better initial guesses could help. For example:

- Using a more efficient optimization method, such as a combination of differential evolution and local optimization.
- Extending the initial guess with more parameterized functions.
- Increasing the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.

Alternatively, using a different approach, such as a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, but that might be computationally expensive.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but what if we use the initial_h_values as a starting point and apply some transformation to it? For example, adding small perturbations and optimizing from there.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to perturb the initial guess. For example, dividing the function into segments and optimizing the values of those segments.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Let me think about the code structure needed. The code must return a function that, given a seed and budget, returns the best h_values, C5 bound, and n_points. It should avoid using hard-coded values and use algorithms to generate the h_values.

The previous code uses several guess generation functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. To improve, perhaps adding more guess types or varying the parameters more.

For example, generating functions based on multiple frequencies combined, or functions with varying duty cycles.

Another approach is to use a parametrized function with certain parameters that can be optimized. For instance, using a function composed of a few pulses with different frequencies, and then optimizing their positions and widths. But how to translate that into code.

Alternatively, since the current code uses n_points=45 (as in the initial_h_values), maybe using that same number of points but improving the optimization steps.

Another thing: the current code uses the same n_points throughout. Maybe varying n_points could lead to better results. For example, trying different n_points (like 45, 60, etc.) and selecting the best among them. But within the budget, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, using the same n_points but refining the optimization further.

Another possible improvement is to use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using a global optimization method like differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then applying local optimizations like SLSQP to refine it.

The current code does this, but maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods (like increasing the number of iterations, changing the tolerance, etc.) could help.

For example, in the SLSQP steps, increasing the number of iterations or decreasing the tolerance could allow for a better minimum.

Another idea is to use parallel processing, but with only one CPU available, that's not possible.

In the previous code, the refinement phase uses SLSQP for 8 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could help.

Another possible issue is that the code might be getting stuck in local optima. To address this, maybe using a different initial guess for each refinement step, or using a population-based method that generates multiple starting points.

Another thing to consider: the evaluation of the objective function (the max of the correlation) could be computed more efficiently. For instance, precomputing the correlation for all lags and finding the maximum, but the current code does this correctly.

In conclusion, the previous approach is already quite comprehensive, but there are several ways to improve it:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Tune the optimization parameters to allow more thorough search.
3. Use different methods for refinement.
4. Consider different structures for the function h.

Now, to implement these ideas in code.

First, the code should start by using the initial_h_values as the starting point. Then, generate more diverse guesses. The previous code's guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random functions. Perhaps adding more waveform types or varying parameters could help.

Alternatively, generating functions that are combinations of these. For example, superimposing multiple pulses or using a more complex waveform.

Another idea is to use a shuffled version of the initial guess, or perturb it slightly.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated by a few functions. To make them more diverse, perhaps increasing the number of generated guesses or varying their parameters. For example, for pulses, try different frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, in the previous code, the pulses are generated with freq in 3-9 and duty 0.5. Maybe expanding that range.

Alternatively, using a grid search over some parameters.

But given time constraints, it's better to augment the existing guess generation functions.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a base and perturb it, then optimize from there. This could help avoid getting stuck in local optima.

So, modifying the previous code to generate more initial guesses, including variations of the initial_h_values.

Another idea: the differential evolution step in the previous code is limited to a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution could help explore the search space better.

Also, the SLSQP refinement steps are limited to 70 iterations with a small tolerance. Perhaps increasing this could allow for better convergence.

Another angle: using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate more diverse starting points.

However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, and then uses local optimization steps.

In the current code, the 'guesses' list includes various functions. To make them more diverse, perhaps generating more waveforms, like varying frequencies and duty cycles for the pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.

Additionally, generating some random guesses, as the previous code does.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, but the code proceeds to refine it further. So perhaps making sure that the initial guess is well-refined with SLSQP.

Another possible optimization is to use more efficient data structures or precompute some values to speed up evaluations, but given the time constraints, that's probably not necessary.

In terms of code structure, the assistant needs to write a run function that returns the best h, c5, and n_points. The previous code is already quite structured, but perhaps making some adjustments to the guess generation and optimization steps.

For example, adding more guess types, increasing the number of initial guesses, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess for the SLSQP steps. For example, starting from the initial_h_values, then from the generated guesses, and then from the differential evolution results.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code has a 'guesses' list that includes various parameterized functions. To expand that, I could add more functions, such as generating functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, or even combining multiple functions.

However, since the code must be concise (at most 300 lines), it's important to keep the guess generation compact.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses and then generate variations from it. For example, creating a perturbed version of the initial_h_values and adding that to the guesses.

Putting it all together, the new code should:

- Start with the initial_h_values as an initial guess.
- Generate additional guesses using different waveform types with varied parameters (like different frequencies and duty cycles).
- Use a combination of optimization methods (differential evolution, SLSQP) with adjusted parameters to refine the guesses.
- Ensure the code is efficient and fits within the time budget.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

First, the initial_h_values are provided. Then, generate various guesses. In the previous code, it's done with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. To increase diversity, maybe adding more types, like sinusoidal functions, or more parameters.

But given the time and token constraints, perhaps the code can proceed similarly but with more guesses and better parameters.

For example:

- Add more pulse frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use more sawtooth and triangle functions with varying frequencies and duties.
- Increase the number of random guesses.

Additionally, in the previous code, after generating the guesses, they are refined with SLSQP and then differential evolution.

Another idea: in the SLSQP step, use a higher number of iterations, like 150, to allow for more thorough optimization.

Also, in the refinement steps, perhaps increasing the number of iterations.

Now, considering the code's structure, the previous code uses 'guesses' with a few functions. To improve, perhaps adding more functions to generate guesses.

For example, adding a sinusoidal function, or a piecewise function with different segments.

But to keep the code concise, perhaps just increasing the range of frequencies and duties in the existing functions.

Another thing: the gen_random function generates a random h, normalizes it to meet the sum constraint. This could be useful for exploring the search space.

Another possible change: in the de_guess function, the previous code runs for a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution.

In the code, the de_guess function has a 'maxiter=60' parameter. Maybe increasing that to 100, for example.

Also, in the refinement steps, the previous code runs for 8 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 15 or more.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient.

To summarize, the changes to make are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for more thorough search.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

For the initial guesses, adding more parameters:

- For pulses, increase the frequency range and duty cycles.
- For sawtooth and triangle, same.

For example, in the previous code, pulses are generated for freq in 3 to 9. Maybe expanding this to 2-10.

Similarly, for sawtooth and triangle, adding more duty cycles.

Additionally, adding more random guesses.

Another change: in the SLSQP refinement steps, increase the 'maxiter' and decrease 'ftol' for better convergence.

Also, in the differential evolution step, increase the number of iterations.

Another idea: adding a 'refine' step that uses the current best solution as the initial guess for further optimization.

Now, putting all this into code.

The code structure will be similar to the previous, but with the following changes:

- Extended the guess generation to include more parameterized functions.
- Adjusted the optimization parameters to allow more iterations and better tolerances.
- Increased the number of refinement steps.

Also, to make sure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the steps taken.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

For example:

In the guesses section:

- Add more frequencies for pulses (say, from 2 to 10).
- Add more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle.
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Also, add some other function types, like sinusoidal.

But given the token constraints, the code must remain concise.

Alternatively, focus on the existing functions and increase their parameters.

So, the code will have:

- More pulses with higher frequencies.
- More sawtooth and triangle waves with various duties.
- More random guesses.

This increases the diversity of initial guesses, leading to a better chance of finding a global minimum.

Another point: the current code's 'gen_pulses' function uses a frequency and duty cycle. For example, for freq=3, duty=0.5. Increasing the range of frequencies can lead to more varied initial guesses.

In the previous code, for frequencies in range(3,10), so 3-9. Expanding to range(2,10) (2-9) would add an extra frequency.

Similarly, adding more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

Thus, modifying the guess generation code.

Once the guesses are generated, the optimization steps proceed as before, but with more initial points to explore.

Another possible optimization: in the differential evolution step, the previous code does 3 iterations. Increasing that to 5 might help.

Also, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of refinements.

Finally, the code must return the best solution found within the time budget.

Putting all these changes into the code, here's the revised approach.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 10):
        guesses.extend([gen_pulses(freq, 0.2), gen_pulses(freq, 0.5), gen_pulses(freq, 0.8)])
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.extend([gen_saw(5, duty), gen_triangle(5, duty)])
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=80,
                                               mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```