<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. So the goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from initial_h_values (which is a 45-sample array). It tries various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave patterns as initial guesses, then refines them with optimization. The problem is that maybe the current approach isn't finding better minima. I need to think of a different approach.

Hmm. The previous code uses a fixed initial construction and then various guesses. Maybe I should explore different initializations, or use more sophisticated optimization techniques. Also, maybe the constraints can be handled better. Let's think about the problem again.

The key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, over all k. But since the function is periodic, the maximum over k could be simplified. For a step function, the overlap depends on how the function is arranged across shifts.

Another approach: maybe using a periodic pattern with a more optimal arrangement of 1s and 0s. The problem is similar to scheduling, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap when shifting. Maybe a better structure, like a modular pattern with specific intervals.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a construction that's already been used, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and triangles, could I use more randomized or structured patterns?

Also, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is global optimization, but maybe with some adjustments, like using a more efficient population size or combining it with a local optimizer. But the code already uses that.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum value of the convolution between h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. The convolution here is the cross-correlation, which is what the code uses.

But how to model this with an optimization problem? The previous code uses a single objective function that returns the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, perhaps a different approach is needed. For example, the constraints could be more directly enforced, or the objective could be transformed to better guide the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization or a surrogate model, but given the time constraints, that might be too complex.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to a covering problem, where the function h(x) must not have too much overlap with its shifted version. Maybe a better way is to design h(x) such that it's spread out in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 1 or 0, such that each shift k causes the overlap to be small. This seems similar to a binary code design problem, where each code has certain properties to minimize maximum correlation.

Wait, the problem is similar to the binary code with certain correlation properties, but here it's over a continuous domain. So perhaps designing a binary sequence (but continuous here) with minimal maximum cross-correlation.

In the discrete case, binary sequences with low autocorrelation are studied, like Golay sequences. Maybe a similar approach could be adapted here. However, since the problem is continuous, it's not straightforward.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary step function (with values 0 or 1) but discretized. Maybe using a more complex pattern than the initial one, such as a periodic function with optimal spacing.

Another approach could be to use a more aggressive optimization strategy, like simulated annealing, but that might be too slow. Or perhaps a hybrid of differential evolution and SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a large population (150) and limited iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might exceed the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is too limited. The initial guess is a 45-sample array, but perhaps using a different initial guess that's better could lead to better results. For example, generating a more optimal pattern from scratch.

Alternatively, using a different structure for the initial guesses. For example, instead of pulses, maybe a random permutation of 1s and 0s with certain properties. But that's vague.

Wait, perhaps the key is to make the function h(x) have a more even distribution of 1s and 0s across the interval. The current initial setup might not be optimal. For example, if the function has regions where it's 1 and then 0 with sufficient spacing, the overlaps would be smaller.

Another idea: the problem requires that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the area under the curve is 1. For a step function with 1s and 0s, that would mean that the total length of intervals where h(x) is 1 is 1. But since the interval is of length 2, the average value is 0.5, which matches the constraint.

So, for a binary step function, the total length of 1s is exactly 1. The challenge is to arrange these 1s in such a way that for any shift k, the overlap (integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k))) is minimized.

So, the problem reduces to arranging the 1s in a way that when shifted, the overlap is as small as possible. This seems like a covering or packing problem.

If I can find a set of intervals of length 1 (since the area is 1) in [0, 2] such that when shifted, the overlaps with other intervals are minimal, that would be optimal.

But how to model this? Maybe by considering the positions of the 1s and ensuring that they are spread out.

An efficient packing could be to arrange the 1s in two equal parts, each covering a 0.5 interval, separated by some distance. But since the function is over [0,2], placing them at the ends. For example, 1s from 0 to 0.5 and 1.5 to 2.0, but then when shifted by 1, the overlap would be larger. This seems like a possible approach, but maybe not optimal.

Alternatively, arranging the 1s in a more complex pattern. For instance, using multiple intervals with varying lengths to spread the 1s as evenly as possible.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem?

The previous code's approach uses gradient-based optimization (like SLSQP) with various initial guesses. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not good enough. So, perhaps generating better initial guesses that are more tailored to the problem.

Another idea: use a more intelligent initial guess. For example, instead of random guesses or simple waveforms, use a structured pattern that is known to be near-optimal. For example, starting with a pattern that divides the interval into equal parts, or uses a certain symmetry.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary pattern where the 1s are placed in a repeating structure that minimizes overlap. For example, a pattern that repeats every certain length.

Wait, the function h is defined on [0, 2], and the shifts k can be any real number. So the maximum overlap could occur for some k. But since the function is periodic, the shifts can be considered modulo 2.

But perhaps, for the optimization, we can focus on shifts that are within a certain range. However, since the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, the cross-correlation must be minimized for all possible shifts.

But how to compute this efficiently? The previous code computes the cross-correlation with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of that is then the value of C₅.

So, the key is to find a function h that, when shifted, has minimal overlap. Now, perhaps the previous code can be improved by using more diverse initial guesses, or by incorporating constraints that encourage the function to have certain properties.

Let me think about the previous code again. It starts with the initial_h_values and then generates various guesses. The code also uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps the problem is that the initial guesses are not sufficient, or the optimization isn't exploring the space effectively.

An alternative approach could be to use a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms, which are good at exploring the search space. But with limited time, it's uncertain if that would work.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple optimization steps. For example, first using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then using a local optimizer to refine it.

Another thing to consider is the number of samples. The current code uses 45 samples. Maybe using more samples could help, but the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. So using a smaller n_points, say 45, is better.

Wait, the previous code has n_points as the length of the initial_h_values. So, for the current problem, the initial setup is using 45 samples. However, maybe trying with a different n_points could lead to better results. But the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is better.

Another thought: maybe the previous code is not finding the best solution because it's getting stuck in local optima. To mitigate this, perhaps using a more diverse set of initial guesses. For example, instead of simple pulse and triangle functions, generating more complex patterns, or using a random initial guess with certain properties.

Wait, perhaps the code can be modified to include a more diverse set of initial guesses, such as different periodic patterns, or even using a Fourier-based approach to generate the initial function, ensuring that the function has certain properties that reduce overlap.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a variational problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap. But this is a non-convex optimization problem, which is challenging.

Let me think about the problem in terms of the cross-correlation. The maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h is what we need to minimize. So, to minimize this maximum, maybe the function h should be designed to be as "balanced" as possible in terms of its distribution. For example, having h be a constant function would result in zero overlap, but the constraint requires the integral to be 1, so the constant function is not possible. Hence, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlaps when shifted.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function is essentially a binary function with areas of 1 and 0. The overlap integral when shifted by k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral over x where h(x) is 1 of (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Which is the same as the area of overlap between the set where h is 1 and the set where h is 0 when shifted by k.

To minimize the maximum overlap, we want to arrange the 1s and 0s such that no shift k causes a large overlap between the 1s and 0s. So, the overlaps should be minimized for all shifts.

This problem resembles the design of a binary code with low cross-correlation. However, it's a continuous problem, not discrete.

So, one possible way is to design the function h such that the 1s are placed in regions that are spaced apart as much as possible. For example, placing the 1s in non-overlapping intervals that are spread out.

But given the interval [0,2], and the integral of h(x) being 1, the total length of 1s is 1. So, if we divide this into intervals that are as far apart as possible.

For example, placing a single interval of length 1 at the center of [0,2], but that would cause high overlap when shifted by k=0.5, since the interval would shift over itself. Alternatively, placing two intervals of length 0.5, separated by some distance.

Wait, if we have two intervals of length 0.5, their separation distance would determine the overlap when shifted. For instance, if the intervals are separated by distance d, then shifting by d would cause their overlap to be zero. But for other shifts, the overlap depends on the relative positions.

But how to arrange them optimally?

Alternatively, placing the 1s in three intervals of length 1/3, spaced in such a way that any shift causes minimal overlap. But this is getting too vague.

Another idea: use a function that is a combination of multiple shifted functions, each designed to avoid overlap. For example, using a pattern like a square wave with certain duty cycles.

But this is similar to the previous code's approach. The previous code uses various waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe the issue is that those initial guesses are not sufficient to find a good solution.

Perhaps the code can be modified to include more initial guesses, such as functions designed to have specific properties. For instance, a function that is periodic with a certain frequency, or uses a more complex shape.

Alternatively, trying to use a more aggressive approach in the optimization. For example, using a higher number of iterations in the optimization steps, but ensuring that it doesn't exceed the time budget.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe increasing those numbers could help. But with the time constraint, it's not clear.

Alternatively, changing the way the guesses are generated. For example, instead of generating a fixed set of guesses, use a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses that are more likely to lead to better solutions.

Another angle: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is a 45-sample array. Maybe that initial construction is not the best, so generating a new initial guess that's better would help. However, the problem states that initial_h_values is provided, and we should use it directly.

Wait, the user said, "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the initial_h_values global variable." So we should start with that, but perhaps we can generate other initial guesses based on that.

Hmm. The previous code tried generating various waveforms. Maybe it's better to use more sophisticated initial guesses, such as combining multiple patterns or using a random walk with certain constraints.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the initial guesses. For example, instead of using waveforms, use a random permutation of 1s and 0s that satisfies the integral constraint. For instance, randomly assigning 1s to positions and then adjusting to meet the area constraint.

But how to implement that? Let's think: For a given n_points, the area is 1, so the sum of h should be n_points / 2. So, for example, assign 1s and 0s randomly, but with exactly half of the points set to 1, and others to 0. But the current problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, not just binary. However, if we approximate it with a binary function, it might help.

But the code already allows for continuous values. Maybe the initial guess is being set to a binary-like pattern. However, the initial_h_values provided might not be optimal.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method, such as alternating optimization, where we alternate between optimizing over different parameters. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, consider that the overlap integral for a particular k is the area of overlap between h and the shifted version of (1 - h). To minimize the maximum of these, we can model this as a convex optimization problem. But since the function is non-convex, it's challenging.

Alternatively, approximate the problem with a convex relaxation. For example, treating h as a continuous variable and using convex optimization techniques. But I'm not sure.

Let me think about the current code again. It uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. The problem is that DE might not be finding a good solution. Maybe we can use a different optimization method, such as particle swarm optimization, but that's not covered by the allowed libraries.

Alternatively, use more advanced methods from scipy.optimize. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles box constraints. But again, the code already uses SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code has a 'refine' step, where it uses SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in that step could help. Or adjusting the ftol parameter.

Another approach: instead of trying to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can find a way to model this as a two-step optimization. For example, first minimize the cross-correlation for some specific shift k, and then find a function that performs well for all k.

But this seems too vague.

Alternatively, the problem can be viewed as a game where we want to choose h to minimize the worst-case overlap. This is similar to a minimax problem.

Perhaps the code can be modified to use a different optimization objective. For example, instead of using the maximum overlap as the objective, perhaps use a penalized objective that encourages multiple overlaps to be small, but this is more complex.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model that approximates the cross-correlation and then optimize that model. However, this might be too computationally intensive within the time budget.

At this point, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to improve its efficiency and diversity of initial guesses, and see if that leads to better results. Let's think about possible changes.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code generates guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe adding more noise or more varied initial patterns could help. For example, using random functions with varying duty cycles.

Second, the optimization steps. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the DE steps, or adjusting parameters like population size, mutation, and recombination.

Third, the refinement step: using more rounds of SLSQP with tighter tolerances might lead to better convergence.

Fourth, the way the objective function is computed: perhaps there's a way to precompute the cross-correlation more efficiently, or to use vectorized operations to speed up the calculations.

But since the code is already using numpy's correlate function, which is efficient, that's probably not the issue.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. What if we try a different n_points, like 60, to see if better solutions are found? However, the user said that smaller sequences are preferred, but if the current code uses 45 and we can't increase it without slowing down, then perhaps it's not the way to go.

Alternatively, try a different n_points, but I'm not sure.

Another possibility: the initial_h_values is not good. So generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more optimized function, like a combination of multiple intervals arranged to minimize overlap.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a Fourier-based approach, but that's complicated.

Alternatively, use a random search with more diversity. For example, generate several random initial guesses and pick the best one.

But the previous code already does something similar with gen_random().

Another approach is to use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating waveforms, create a pattern based on some criteria, like spreading the 1s out as much as possible.

Let me think about the code's structure. The current code has a part where it generates several guesses: pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like a sine wave with specific parameters, or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach for initial guesses, such as:
- Binary patterns with certain spacing
- Functions that are periodic with a certain frequency
- Functions that are random but with certain constraints

But how to implement this efficiently?

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values, generate multiple different initial guesses based on different patterns and see which one leads to better results.

Another possible change is to adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods. For example, in the SLSQP, increasing the maxiter or ftol might help. Or in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

In the previous code, the DE uses mutation (0.5, 0.95), which is a range for the mutation factor. Maybe changing these values could help. Also, the population size could be increased or decreased.

Another thought: maybe the current code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, if the initial guesses are all similar in structure, the optimization might get stuck in local optima. Generating a wider variety of initial guesses could help.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:
1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function or constraints.

Let me try to outline these changes and implement them.

First, generating more diverse initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more patterns, like a sine wave, or a more complex waveform.

Second, adjusting the differential evolution parameters: increasing popsize or changing the mutation/recombination parameters.

Third, increasing the number of refinement steps with tighter tolerances.

Fourth, allowing for more iterations in the DE steps within the time budget.

Another change could be to use multiple initial guesses, especially ones that are more promising, such as the initial_h_values and others generated with different properties.

But given the time constraints, I need to modify the code accordingly.

Now, to code this, let's think of how to modify the previous code.

First, the initial guess is initial_h_values. Then, generate other guesses. Perhaps the current code generates a few pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions. Maybe adding more types, or varying the parameters.

Also, the code has a loop for generating guesses. Let's see:

Original code has:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 10):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

So, this generates a lot of guesses. Maybe adding more functions, like generating a square wave with different duty cycles, or different frequencies.

Alternatively, varying the frequencies and duty cycles more.

But perhaps the code could benefit from generating more guesses, especially a wider variety of patterns. For example, adding more frequency ranges, or varying the duty cycles more.

Another idea: for the gen_random() function, instead of just generating random h and scaling it, perhaps generate more structured random guesses, like starting with a random pattern and then normalizing.

Alternatively, adding a new function that generates a random initial guess with a certain property, such as a binary pattern.

But perhaps the previous code's guesses are sufficient. Then, the main change could be to adjust the optimization steps.

In the previous code, the DE is run 3 times. Maybe increasing that number. Also, increasing the number of DE iterations.

Another change: in the refinement step, instead of using 8 rounds, maybe increase it.

Another idea: after the initial guesses, perform a more thorough optimization on the best guess found so far, using a higher number of iterations.

Additionally, in the initial guesses, maybe generating more guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing it slightly.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP.

But I'm not sure. Let's proceed to code these changes.

So, the plan is to:

1. Generate more initial guesses, possibly including different waveforms and random patterns.
2. Adjust the DE parameters to have a larger population and more iterations within the time budget.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with tighter tolerances.
4. Use a more efficient way to refine the solution.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the objective function to be more efficient.

Now, let's think about the code structure.

The code defines several helper functions: gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. Let's see if they can be modified.

For example, the gen_pulses function creates a sine wave, but perhaps generating a square wave would be more effective. Wait, the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions create different waveforms. Maybe we can add a function like gen_square, but that's already part of the gen_pulses or others.

Alternatively, maybe generating a function that is a periodic function with different parameters.

Another idea: the gen_random function generates a random vector and scales it. To make it more diverse, we can generate multiple random vectors.

But the code already does that in the loop for _ in range(5).

Another idea: to try different initial guesses for the DE, such as using the initial_h_values directly as a guess, and then varying it.

Alternatively, using a different method for generating guesses, like a combination of a few different patterns.

Now, to code these changes, here's what I'll do:

- Modify the guess generation to add more patterns, such as varying frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to have a larger population and more iterations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with a tighter ftol.
- Also, perhaps remove some of the less effective initial guesses to save time.

But I need to keep the code within the time budget of 100 seconds. Let's think about how to adjust the code.

In the previous code, the DE is run 3 times, with 60 maxiter. Let's increase the maxiter to 80, or increase the number of iterations.

Additionally, the refinement loop runs 8 times. Maybe increasing that to 15 or 20.

But these changes need to be balanced against the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, such as a simulated annealing approach, but that's not covered by Scipy.

Another idea: use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precompute the cross-correlation for different shifts, but the code already does this with np.correlate.

Another point: the initial_h_values is 45 samples. What if we try a different n_points, like 60 or 30 samples? But the user prefers smaller sequences, so 45 is probably better.

At this point, I'll proceed to modify the code to make these changes, focusing on generating more varied initial guesses, improving the optimization parameters, and increasing the refinement steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.75))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.5, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(4, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(12):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```