<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The previous code uses a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The current best is 0.38085, and I need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876.

Hmm, let me think about what's different here. The previous code tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions as initial guesses, then used optimization techniques. But maybe there's a better way. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is an integral over different shifts, maybe there's a pattern or structure that can be exploited.

The initial_h_values are given with n=45 points. Maybe instead of starting from that, trying a different starting point could lead to a better solution. Or perhaps the approach can be modified by using a different optimization strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of different guesses, but maybe focusing on a specific structure could help. For example, using a combination of pulses or certain periodic functions that can spread out the 1s in a way that minimizes overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary signal with certain properties, but here it's a step function. Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments with different heights, ensuring that when you shift, the overlap is minimized.

Also, considering the integral as a convolution. The maximum of the convolution of h(x) and (1 - h(x)) over different shifts. So minimizing the peak of this convolution.

What if I try to generate a set of pulses that are spaced in a certain way? For example, if the function h(x) is composed of multiple pulses, each of certain width, such that when shifted, the overlap between pulses is minimized. Maybe using a quasiperiodic or modular structure.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm. Start by placing the first pulse, then place the next one in the position that minimizes the maximum overlap introduced so far. But since it's a continuous function, this might be tricky. But perhaps discretizing it into a grid and using a local search.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a genetic algorithm could find better solutions by exploring more of the search space. However, genetic algorithms can be time-consuming, but since the budget is 100 seconds, maybe with a reasonable population size and generations, it could be feasible.

Wait, the previous code already used differential evolution for some steps. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might use up the time budget. Alternatively, combining different optimization strategies could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with better starting points. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so trying to generate different initial guesses that are not too similar to the initial one could help escape the local optimum.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a constrained optimization where the integral is minimized subject to the constraints. The objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which is a bit complex. The maximum over k of the overlap integral. To handle that, perhaps using a minimax approach, but optimizing over h to minimize this maximum.

But how to model that in optimization? Since the maximum over k is non-differentiable, it's challenging. However, during optimization, if we can approximate the maximum by evaluating it over a finite set of k shifts, then we could use that as the objective.

Wait, the current code uses the np.correlate function with mode 'full', which effectively computes the convolution over all possible shifts. The maximum of those values is the C₅. So perhaps for each sample h, we can compute that maximum and use it as the objective.

But optimizing with respect to this maximum is tricky. So maybe using a relaxation or a different approach.

Alternatively, could we model the problem as a dynamic programming problem? Not sure. Or perhaps using a variational method, but that might be too abstract.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], perhaps using a Fourier approach. The overlap integral can be expressed in terms of Fourier transforms. Maybe the optimal h is a solution that has certain properties in the frequency domain, such as minimizing the maximum of the Fourier coefficients. However, this is not straightforward and may not lead to an immediate solution.

Alternatively, considering that the integral for each shift k is similar to the correlation between h and (1-h). So, if we can minimize the maximum of these correlations, perhaps by designing h to have certain orthogonality properties. For example, if h is a function that is periodic with certain frequencies, or has a specific symmetry.

Wait, in the previous code, they tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe there's a way to combine these elements. For example, using a combination of different pulse widths and spacing to spread out the 1s in the function.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured initial guess. For example, splitting the interval into equal parts and placing pulses in a way that they are spread out. Like, dividing [0,2] into segments and assigning a certain density of 1s in each segment.

But how to do that algorithmically? Let's think. Suppose we divide the interval into m equal segments. For each segment, assign a certain value. But that might not account for shifts between different segments. For example, shifting by a certain amount could overlap different segments.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation. The function h(x) represents a binary variable (but it's a step function in [0,1]) that needs to be spread out such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary code with certain correlation properties. In coding theory, such as for binary codes with low cross-correlation. Maybe some known constructions from such codes could be adapted here.

But I'm not familiar with the exact constructions. So maybe a better approach is to try different optimization techniques and initial guesses.

The previous code used a variety of initial guesses. Maybe we can try different strategies for generating the initial guesses. For example, trying more complex patterns or using a different symmetry.

Alternatively, using a random starting point but with a better structure. For instance, instead of uniformly sampling, generating a certain number of pulses with specific parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. Perhaps adding more functions or varying the parameters could generate better initial guesses.

Another idea: using a greedy algorithm to place the pulses. Start by placing a pulse in the first segment. Then, for each subsequent pulse, place it in the position that minimizes the maximum overlap. Since this is a continuous problem, the greedy approach would be to select the position where adding a new pulse would cause the least increase in the maximum overlap. However, this might be computationally intensive, but with the given n_points, it could be feasible.

But implementing such a greedy approach would require evaluating for each possible position where to place the next pulse. However, with n_points as 45, maybe this is manageable. But how to model the function h as a set of pulses?

Wait, the function h is a step function, which can be approximated by a set of samples. So, the greedy approach could be to select the positions where placing a 1 would cause the least increase in the maximum overlap. However, since the overlap depends on shifts, this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a hill-climbing approach. Starting from an initial guess, iteratively adjusting individual points to reduce the maximum overlap. But this could get stuck in local minima.

Maybe the key is to improve the optimization process. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps using more advanced optimization techniques, or better parameter tuning.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization where each shift k is considered as a separate objective, and the weights are adjusted to find the minimal maximum. But this is similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap integral corresponds to certain shifts, maybe the worst case is when the shift is equal to the interval between the pulses. So, if the pulses are evenly spaced, then the shift that causes maximum overlap would be half the spacing. So, arranging the pulses in a way that their spacing is such that the overlap is minimized.

For example, if we have n pulses, placing them at positions that are spaced in a non-uniform way to avoid similar overlaps. But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Alternatively, using a modulo-based approach. For instance, if the function h(x) is designed to have a certain periodicity that allows for low overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

Another thought: considering the problem in terms of measure theory. The integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx can be written as the measure of the set where x is in the support of h and x+k is in the support of (1-h), but that might not help directly.

Alternatively, since the integral is over [0, 2], when shifting by k, the overlap is between h and (1-h) shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, the function h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

Now, considering that for k=0, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1-h(x)) dx, which is the same as ∫ h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h^2 dx. To minimize this, we'd want to maximize ∫ h^2 dx. But since the objective is to minimize the maximum of all possible k, the k=0 case is just one of many.

So the challenge is to find a function h that balances the overlaps for all possible shifts. It's a non-trivial optimization problem.

Given the previous code's approach, perhaps the main issue is that it might be getting stuck in local minima. So, trying different initial guesses and optimization methods could help. For instance, using a genetic algorithm approach with multiple populations or using Bayesian optimization.

But implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging. However, differential evolution is already used, so maybe tweaking its parameters could help. For example, increasing the number of generations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and adds various pulses, sawtooth, etc. Maybe generating a more diverse set of initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles for the wave functions, or combining multiple wave types.

Alternatively, instead of generating all those guesses, perhaps generating a few high-quality initial guesses and optimizing them more thoroughly. For example, using the initial_h_values and a few other structured guesses.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a combination of methods but may not be exploring the search space efficiently. Maybe using a hybrid approach, where initial exploration with differential evolution is followed by local optimization with SLSQP.

Alternatively, trying to use a surrogate model, like a neural network, to approximate the objective function and then optimize it. But with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Wait, but in the given code, they call differential evolution for a few iterations and then refine with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and using more refinements could lead to better results. However, the code already has some iterations.

Another possible improvement is to use a better method for the initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. If there's no parent construction, starting from a uniform distribution could be better. However, the problem says that if initial_h_values are available, use them. So, assuming that the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps modifying them slightly could help.

Alternatively, trying to adjust the initial_h_values. For example, if the initial construction is as per the previous code's initial_h_values, perhaps perturbing those values slightly to see if it helps.

But since the user mentions that the previous program achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381142, and the current target is 0.380876, we need to get even lower. So the focus is on finding a better initial guess and more effective optimization.

Another angle: the choice of n_points. The previous code uses n=45. Lower n_points would be faster, but maybe higher n_points could lead to better accuracy. However, the user said that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so n_points should be small. But the current code uses 45, which is acceptable.

Wait, the problem allows for n_points less than 1k. Maybe using a higher n_points could give a better approximation. However, the code in the previous program uses the initial_h_values, which have 45 points. If we can generate a better initial guess with more points, but that might not be allowed.

Alternatively, using the same n_points but optimizing more effectively.

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying different optimization algorithms or tweaking their parameters could help.

For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP for some cases, or using a different solver like IPOPT if available. But the code currently uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another idea: since the problem is a constrained optimization, perhaps using a more efficient constrained optimizer. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, using a random restart approach. Starting with the initial guess, then performing multiple restarts with different parameters to escape local minima.

Another approach: using a mixed-integer programming approach. However, since the problem involves continuous variables, this might not be directly applicable. But perhaps approximating it with a discrete solution could be possible.

But given the time constraints and the need for efficiency, perhaps focusing on the optimization methods is better.

So, to summarize, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps using different wave functions or random perturbations.
3. Use differential evolution for global optimization, then refine with SLSQP.
4. Ensure that the code is optimized to run within 100 seconds by adjusting parameters like population size, iterations, and refinement steps.
5. Try different optimization methods or parameter combinations to find the minimum C₅.

Now, considering the code structure, the current code has a loop over guesses, each with different functions. To improve this, perhaps generating more diverse guesses or adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.

Another possible adjustment is to use a larger number of iterations for differential evolution or a higher number of generations. Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters to explore the search space more effectively.

Additionally, the code has a refine step that uses SLSQP for several iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help further decrease the C₅ value.

Another thought: since the maximum of the correlation is being minimized, the objective function is non-convex, so the optimization is challenging. It's possible that the current code is getting stuck in a local minimum, so using multiple different initial guesses and optimization strategies is crucial.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Perhaps adding more guesses that are designed to spread out the 1s in the function. For example, using a sine wave with a certain frequency or a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, trying to generate initial guesses based on known good constructions for similar problems. For example, if there are known optimal solutions for lower n_points, perhaps adapting those.

But without prior knowledge of such constructions, this approach might not be feasible.

Another idea: instead of generating guesses with fixed frequencies, varying the number of pulses or their positioning. For example, generating a function with multiple pulses spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But this would require a more intelligent initialization, which may be complex to code.

In terms of code changes, here are some possible improvements:

- Increase the number of initial guesses to cover more possibilities.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, such as population size, mutation rates, and generations.
- Use different optimization methods in combination, like starting with differential evolution and then using SLSQP with tighter tolerances.
- Add more refinement steps after the initial optimization.

However, all these changes need to be done in a way that respects the time budget of 100 seconds.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses np.correlate, which might not be the most efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. Alternatively, computing the correlation for each shift manually could be more efficient, but that's probably not necessary.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the main improvements would be:

- More diverse initial guesses.
- Better tuning of the optimization parameters.
- More refinement steps after the initial optimization.
- Possibly using a different initial guess if the parent construction is available.

But since the user says that if the initial_h_values are available, use them directly, that's the starting point.

So, modifying the code to try more different initial guesses, tune the differential evolution parameters to explore more thoroughly, and perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Another idea is to use Bayesian optimization, which could be more efficient in finding the minimum. However, integrating that into the existing code might be complex.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method, but again, this would require additional code.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps stick to the current optimization methods but adjust their parameters to achieve better results.

So, in the code, perhaps increasing the number of generations for differential evolution, or increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as a base and generate perturbations around it, then optimize those. But that might not be as effective.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they apply SLSQP to each. Maybe generating more initial guesses could lead to better results.

For example, adding more random guesses or guesses based on different wave functions.

Alternatively, trying different frequencies and duty cycles for the generated wave functions. For instance, in the previous code, the frequencies are from 3 to 9 and duty cycles are 0.2 to 0.6. Maybe expanding this to include lower or higher frequencies.

Another idea: using a combination of different wave functions, such as adding multiple pulses or combining a sine wave with a triangle wave.

But given the time, it's better to focus on the code structure and parameters.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 3 iterations, with a population of 150. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of generations could help find better solutions. However, this would use up more time, so it needs to be balanced.

Alternatively, using the same parameters but adding more refinements.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. So, during optimization, if the maximum is high, the optimization should focus on reducing that. However, the current code evaluates the correlation for all shifts, which could be computationally intensive. But with the n_points of 45, this isn't too bad.

In conclusion, the plan is to enhance the optimization process by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses.
2. Tuning the parameters of the differential evolution to better explore the search space.
3. Performing more refinement steps with SLSQP to fine-tune the solution.
4. Possibly adjusting the number of iterations and populations for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, spread=0.3):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        wave = np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        return np.clip(wave * (1 - spread) + spread / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(1, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(1, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 30, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```