<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a genetic algorithm with a population of candidates, but maybe there's a better way. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires finding a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap C₅. The overlap is computed as the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx over all k. The previous approach used an evolutionary algorithm with a population and mutations, but perhaps that's not the most efficient. Maybe using a different optimization method, like gradient-based techniques, could help. However, the objective function is non-convex and might have many local minima, making gradient methods tricky. Alternatively, maybe a more structured approach, like using Fourier analysis or symmetry, could lead to better results.

Wait, the current code uses a population-based approach with crossover and mutation. But maybe increasing the population size or adjusting mutation rates could help. Also, the previous code used n_points=70, but maybe a larger n_points would allow for more detailed functions and better optimization. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. The user's previous code had a 70-point solution. Maybe using a higher n_points could be better, but it might take more time. The time budget is 1100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of points and the computation time.

Another thought: the current code uses a random initial population. Maybe starting with a better initial guess could lead to better results. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point. So I should use that if available. The previous code tried to use initial_h_values but also added random perturbations. Maybe focusing more on refining that initial guess could help.

The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, so the problem is to minimize this maximum. The previous approach used SLSQP with constraints, but that's a local optimizer. Maybe using a more global optimization method, like differential evolution, could be better. However, differential evolution might be more computationally intensive, but perhaps with proper tuning, it could find a better minimum.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, which adaptively selects the most promising points to evaluate, could be more efficient. But implementing that might be complex.

Wait, the previous code used a population of 50 individuals, with some mutations. Maybe instead of using SLSQP on each individual, which can be slow, a different approach like using a genetic algorithm with more structured mutations and crossovers might be better. Also, the previous code had a fixed n_points = 70. Maybe trying a higher n_points could allow for a better approximation of the optimal function, even if it takes a bit more time.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be viewed as a convolution. Maybe analyzing the Fourier transform of h(x) and 1-h(x) could give some insight, but I'm not sure how to apply that directly here. However, knowing that the maximum overlap is related to the maximum convolution value might help in constructing h(x) with certain properties, like avoiding overlaps in certain regions.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. Maybe constructing h(x) with aperiodic structures or using known optimal sequences for such problems could be useful. For example, in coding theory, certain sequences have low autocorrelation, which might be analogous here.

But since h(x) is a step function, perhaps a more practical approach is to generate candidates with specific patterns. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 0 or 1, ensuring that the integral is 1. However, with a step function, the function can have more than two levels, but maybe using a binary step function (0/1) could simplify things. However, the previous code uses values between 0 and 1.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed n_points (70) and the initial_h_values. Maybe trying different n_points could be better. Let's think about the trade-off. A higher n_points allows for more detailed functions, which could lead to lower C₅, but the computation time might increase. However, given that the budget is 1100 seconds, maybe using a higher n_points, like 100 or 150, could be feasible.

Wait, the previous code had n_points=70. Let me check the time. The current code had 50 iterations with 50 evaluations each. If I increase n_points to 100, the correlation computation might take longer, but the number of points could allow for a better approximation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a smaller n_points (like 50) but more efficient optimization steps. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred, so the code should prefer smaller n_points. Wait, the user's previous code used 70 points, and the assistant is supposed to prefer smaller sequences. But the user's problem mentions that smaller sequences are better for faster evaluation. So perhaps using a smaller n_points like 50 or 60 could be better.

Wait, the previous code's initial setup uses n_points=70, but the user says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying with n_points=50 or 60 could be better for speed, but the trade-off is whether the higher resolution allows for better results.

Alternatively, the code could use a combination of several n_points values. For example, first trying with a low n_points to find a good initial guess, then refining with a higher n_points. But that might complicate the code.

Another idea: the current code uses a population-based approach. Maybe the key is to improve the mutation and crossover steps. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe there's a better way to perturb the solution. Also, the constraint that the sum of h is fixed (n_points / 2) must be maintained. The previous code uses clipping and normalization after perturbation. But maybe there's a better way to handle the constraints during mutation.

Another point: the evaluation of C₅ is done by taking the max of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation between h and 1-h. How is that computed? The mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation over all possible shifts. The maximum value of this cross-correlation multiplied by dx (2/n_points) gives C₅.

To improve the optimization, perhaps using more efficient evaluation methods or parallelizing the evaluations. However, the code is limited to a single CPU, so parallelism is not an option.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe focusing on reducing the maximum value by design. For instance, ensuring that the function h(x) is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps in regions where both h(x) and 1-h(x+k) are large. This could be achieved by having h(x) concentrated in certain intervals and avoiding overlaps with their shifted versions.

But how to translate this into a step function? For example, if h(x) is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, such that when shifted, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. This is similar to designing a set of intervals that do not overlap with their shifted versions.

But the problem allows for step functions with any values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So maybe a more continuous approach could yield better results. For example, using a function that is 0.5 in certain regions and higher or lower in others to balance the overlaps.

Alternatively, considering symmetry. Suppose h(x) is symmetric around 1.0. But this might not be necessary.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code. It used a population of individuals with some mutations, and for each individual, it was minimized using SLSQP. The constraints were handled by enforcing the sum of h to be n_points/2. The problem is that SLSQP is a local optimizer, so it might get stuck in local minima. The evolutionary approach with a population is better at exploring the space.

But perhaps combining the two. Using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation and crossover strategy. For example, instead of using a fixed mutation rate, maybe dynamically adjusting it based on the diversity in the population. Or using a crossover that combines two parents in a way that preserves some structure.

Another thing to consider is the initial population. The previous code used the initial_h_values and added random perturbations. Perhaps generating a better initial population using some structured method, like a window function or a periodic pattern, could lead to better starting points.

Wait, the user's note says to use initial_h_values if available. So the code can use the provided initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. Therefore, the code should use that and not generate a random initial population.

So maybe the previous approach's initial_population was initialized with initial_h_values and then random perturbations. But using the initial_h_values as a strong starting point, perhaps refining it with mutations and crossovers could be better.

Another optimization direction: the previous code used 50 individuals in the population and ran for 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations and population size would help, but the time budget is 1100 seconds. So if each iteration takes about 20 seconds, then 50 iterations would take 1000 seconds, which is acceptable.

Wait, the previous code had a loop of 'max_iter = int(budget_s / 200). So for 1100 seconds, that would be 5 iterations. But that seems low. Maybe the previous code was suboptimal in terms of the number of iterations.

Ah, the previous code's max_iter was set as budget_s divided by 200. For 1100s, that's 5.5 iterations, so 5. But maybe the code should run for more iterations with a lower per-iteration cost. For example, using a different method that's faster per iteration.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm that is more efficient. For instance, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) could be faster per iteration. However, implementing PSO would require more code.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a Gaussian process to model the objective function. But that's complex and may not be easier to implement.

Another idea: since the previous code used SLSQP on each individual, which is a local method, maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution would be better. Differential evolution can handle the non-convexity better. But how to incorporate the constraints?

Wait, the constraints are that sum(h) must equal n_points / 2 and each h[i] is between 0 and 1. Differential evolution can handle these constraints by using bounds and a feasibility function. But the code would need to be adjusted.

Alternatively, the previous code's approach could be improved by increasing the number of evaluations and using a better mutation strategy.

Let me think about the parameters. The current code uses a population of 50 individuals. Each iteration selects a random individual from the population, applies SLSQP optimization, and replaces some individuals. But maybe instead of doing this, the code should evolve the population more effectively. For example, by using crossover between the best individuals and some random ones, or by using a tournament selection.

Another possible improvement: the mutation step adds Gaussian noise with σ=0.25, which could be too large. Maybe a smaller σ would be better to avoid disrupting the current solution. Also, after mutation, clipping and normalizing the sum is done. But perhaps the normalization step could be more precise, ensuring that the sum is exactly n_points / 2 after mutation.

Wait, the code currently does:

perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, 0.25, n_points)
initial_population.append(np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1))

But after clipping, the sum could be off. So the code then needs to normalize the sum. However, the previous code's constraint function ensures that the sum is correct. But in the initial_population generation, the code didn't normalize the sum. That's a problem. Because after clipping, the sum might not be exactly n_points / 2. So perhaps the initial_population generation should handle that.

Similarly, during the mutation steps, when we add noise, clip, and then adjust the sum to meet the constraint. So maybe during the mutation step, after clipping, the code should adjust the values to maintain the sum.

But the previous code's constraint is handled in the minimize function. So during the optimization, the constraints are enforced. However, the initial_population might not satisfy the sum constraint, leading to possible issues. So perhaps the initial_population should be generated with the sum constraint satisfied.

So perhaps when generating the initial_population, after clipping, the code should normalize the sum. For example, after clipping, calculate the sum and then scale the h values to make the sum equal to n_points / 2. This could be done by multiplying each element by (desired_sum / current_sum) if the sum is not zero.

But how to implement that in the initial_population generation. Let's say for each perturbed and clipped h, the code computes sum(h) and then scales it by (n_points / 2) / sum(h) to get the correct sum. This would ensure that the initial_population satisfies the constraints.

So, perhaps modifying the initial_population generation to include this scaling step would improve the initial guesses.

Another point: the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. But SLSQP might have issues with the non-convexity. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds but not general constraints, but since the sum constraint is a single equality constraint, perhaps using a method that can handle both bounds and equality constraints.

But the previous code is already using SLSQP, which can handle both. So maybe the main issue is the optimization method's effectiveness. Perhaps using a different method could yield better results. Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but it might be slower.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer with better parameters. For example, adjusting the tolerance (ftol, eps) in the SLSQP options.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize a maximum over several values, maybe the key is to balance the overlaps. Perhaps the current code's objective is to minimize the maximum, but the actual computation of the correlation might have multiple peaks, and the code's objective is to find the maximum of those. So the fitness function is the maximum of the cross-correlation.

To make the optimization more effective, maybe the code should focus on reducing the higher peaks, not just the overall maximum. However, this is challenging because the maximum is the main objective.

Another possible improvement: precompute all possible k shifts. For a given h, the maximum over all k is the C₅ value. But how many k values are there? For a function on [0, 2], the shifts k can range from -2 to +2. But the cross-correlation in 'full' mode gives all possible shifts. However, the number of shifts depends on the length of the array. For an array of n_points, the cross-correlation 'full' mode will have 2n_points - 1 elements. But the maximum over these is the C₅ value.

To optimize, maybe the code can use a different approach to compute the maximum more efficiently, but the current method is already as efficient as possible.

Another thought: the previous code's initial_h_values might be a good starting point, and using that as the primary seed could help avoid local optima. So the code should use the initial_h_values if available, and not rely too much on random perturbations.

Putting this all together, the revised code should:

1. Use the initial_h_values if available, as a starting point.
2. Generate a population of initial individuals based on that, possibly with some mutations, but ensuring the sum constraint is met.
3. Use a more effective optimization method, such as differential evolution or a more refined genetic algorithm with better mutation and crossover strategies.
4. Improve the mutation and normalization steps to ensure the constraints are strictly maintained.
5. Increase the number of iterations to fully explore the solution space within the time budget.

But since the code needs to be concise and under 300 lines, the code can't be too complex. Perhaps the previous code's approach is a good baseline, but with some parameter adjustments and improvements.

So, the plan is to adjust the previous code's parameters, such as higher population size, better mutation rates, or better handling of the constraints. Also, using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, but if that's too complex, stick with the current approach but make improvements.

Another thing to note: the user's previous code used a population of 50 individuals and ran for 5 iterations (for 1100 seconds). Maybe increasing the population size to 100 could help, but that would reduce the number of iterations. Alternately, using a more efficient method per iteration.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can use the initial_h_values as the starting point and perform a local optimization around it, using more precise methods.

Wait, the initial code uses a population-based approach. The previous code had some issues with the initial_population generation, not ensuring the sum constraint. So modifying that part to scale after clipping could help.

So, to adjust the code:

- In the initial population generation, after clipping, scale the individual to satisfy the sum constraint.

For example, after clipping, compute the current sum, then multiply each element by (n_points / 2) / sum. But if the sum is zero, which is possible only if all elements are zero after clipping, but that would violate the constraint, so we need to handle that case.

Alternatively, in the initial_population, after clipping, ensure the sum is exactly n_points / 2.

So, during the initial_population creation:

for each perturbed individual:

    h = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
    current_sum = np.sum(h)
    if current_sum == 0:
        # this is invalid, need to handle
    else:
        h = h * (n_points / 2) / current_sum

This would ensure that the sum is correct.

Similarly, in the mutation steps, after clipping, we need to ensure the sum is correct.

In the previous code, the constraint_sum function is used in the SLSQP optimization, which should enforce the sum. However, during the mutation steps, the code might not ensure that. For example, after adding noise and clipping, the sum could be off. But the constraint is checked during the optimization. However, the initial_population generation might have individuals that don't satisfy the sum constraint, leading to possible issues.

So, perhaps adding this normalization step during the initial_population generation and during mutation steps would help.

Another possible improvement: in the mutation steps, instead of adding random noise to the entire array, perturb individual elements or use a more targeted mutation strategy.

Alternatively, the code can focus on optimizing the best individuals, keeping the worst ones and replacing them with new mutations.

Putting all these ideas into the code:

- Increase the population size to 100 or 200 to allow more diversity.
- Ensure that all individuals in the population satisfy the sum constraint.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, like differential evolution, if feasible.
- Adjust mutation rates and parameters to better explore the solution space.
- Increase the number of iterations within the budget.

However, given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So, sticking to the previous approach but improving the normalization steps and increasing the number of iterations.

Another thing: in the previous code, the max_iter was set to int(budget_s / 200), which for 1100s is 5. But that might be too low. If each iteration takes about 200 seconds, then 5 iterations would take 1000s, leaving 100s for the initial evaluations. But maybe the code can run more iterations with a smaller per-iteration cost.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but increasing the population size. Or using a different loop structure.

In any case, the key is to make the code as efficient as possible and ensure that the sum constraint is properly handled.

So, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use initial_h_values if available, as the initial guess.
- Generate an initial population of 50 individuals based on initial_h_values with some perturbations, ensuring the sum constraint is met.
- Use a genetic algorithm with mutation, crossover, and selection to evolve the population.
- In each iteration, evaluate all individuals, select the best, and generate new individuals by mutating the best or crossing over parents.
- Ensure that during mutation and crossover, the sum constraint is maintained.
- Use the SLSQP method for local optimization of each individual, with tighter tolerances.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

To implement this, the code will:

1. Check for initial_h_values and use it as the starting point.
2. Generate the initial population with perturbations and normalization.
3. Run a loop for a number of iterations, evaluating each individual and updating the population.
4. Use SLSQP with constraints to optimize each individual.
5. Ensure the sum constraint is handled both in the initial population and during mutations.

Now, translating this into code. Also, considering that the code needs to be concise and within the token limit.

The code will use the initial_h_values if available, then generate the initial population. For each individual in the initial population, after clipping, it will scale the array to ensure the sum is correct.

Then, in the core loop, it will select individuals, apply mutations, optimize them, and replace the worst individuals.

So, the code will be structured as follows:

- Define the run function.
- Set n_points and others.
- Use initial_h_values if available.
- Generate initial_population with perturbations, ensuring sum constraint.
- Loop for a number of iterations, within the budget.
- In each iteration, evaluate, select, mutate, and optimize.
- Track the best solution.

Now, let's think about the parameters. The previous code's budget was 1100 seconds, with a max_iter of 5. To make better use of the time, maybe increasing the number of iterations, say to 10, with each iteration taking roughly 100 seconds.

But to be efficient, the code should minimize the per-iteration cost. For example, using the initial population and then evolving them.

Another thing: the code should return the best solution found so far, even if the time budget runs out.

Putting it all together, the code will:

- Check for initial_h_values.
- Generate initial population with perturbations and normalization.
- Use a loop with steps to evolve the population.
- Optimize each individual using SLSQP.
- Track the best solution.

Now, considering the code structure and the constraints, here's the code in Python.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    h_values = initial_h_values if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    
    initial_population = [h_values.copy()]
    for _ in range(49):
        perturbed = h_values + np.random.normal(0, 0.15, n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        total = np.sum(perturbed)
        if total > 0:
            perturbed *= (ones_count / total)
        initial_population.append(perturbed)
    
    best_h = h_values.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    pop_size = 50
    max_iter = int(budget_s / 200)
    
    for _ in range(max_iter):
        current_h = initial_population[np.random.randint(len(initial_population))]
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=current_h,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
            initial_population.append(result.x)
            initial_population.pop(np.random.randint(len(initial_population)))
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```