<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization with a fixed number of points (n_points=70), but it achieved a C₅ bound of 0.380954. The target is to get lower than 0.380876.

First, I should think about why the previous method might not have found a better solution. The current approach uses a fixed number of points and random perturbations, but maybe that's not sufficient. Maybe a better strategy is to use a more systematic way of optimizing the step function h.

Hmm. The key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is computed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The problem is constrained by the integral of h being 1 over [0, 2], so the average value of h is 0.5. 

The previous code tried using a local optimization with SLSQP but maybe it's getting stuck in local minima. To improve, perhaps a better approach is to use a more global optimization method, or to use a different structure for h. Like, maybe using a more regular pattern, such as a periodic function, or segments with varying values.

Alternatively, consider that the overlap for each shift k can be considered as a convolution, and thus the problem is related to finding a function h that minimizes the maximum value of the convolution with (1 - h). 

But how to approach this? Maybe the previous method's main issue is the random perturbations and the fixed n_points. Maybe trying a higher number of points could help, but with the time budget of 1100s, it's important to be efficient. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe trying with n_points=100 or 150 could be possible, but the previous code used 70. Wait, the current record is with a lower C₅, so maybe they used more points. Or maybe they found a clever structure.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into an optimization problem where we consider each overlap integral as a constraint. Since the maximum of all overlaps is what we need to minimize, we can try to model this as a convex optimization problem, but the maximum is a non-convex constraint. 

Another idea: since the maximum is over all shifts, perhaps for each shift k, we can form a constraint that the overlap for that shift is less than or equal to a certain value C, and then find the minimal C. This would turn into a convex optimization problem if we can linearize it. However, since the overlap is a bilinear form, it's not straightforward. 

Alternatively, we can use a gradient-based method where we adjust h to minimize the worst-case overlap. This might involve using a gradient descent approach on the worst-case overlap. However, the gradient of the maximum function can be tricky because it's non-differentiable at the point where the maximum is achieved. 

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with a specific number of segments, and each segment is chosen to balance the overlaps. For example, arranging h(x) to be 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but then adjusting to have the average value of 0.5. 

Wait, but in the problem statement, h is a step function, which is a piecewise constant function. So maybe the optimal h has some periodic structure. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into intervals where h is a certain constant value, and then the overlaps for different shifts would depend on the alignment of these intervals.

But how to design such a structure? Maybe by using a periodic pattern that repeats every certain period. For instance, if we divide the interval into intervals of length 1, then h could be a periodic function with period 1, but ensuring that the average over [0, 2] is 0.5. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The overlap integral for shift k is the measure of the set where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. 

This seems similar to the problem of designing a code with certain correlation properties. In coding theory, for example, designing sequences with low autocorrelation. But this is a bit different since here we are dealing with a continuous function over [0, 2], and the overlap is the integral over all x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

Another idea: the overlap for a shift k is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx, which is the same as the integral over all x of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx. So the overlap is equal to the measure of h(x) minus the cross-correlation of h with itself at shift k. However, since the integral of h(x) is 1, the overlap is 1 minus the cross-correlation. 

But the cross-correlation is similar to the inner product of h and the shifted h. So, perhaps we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum cross-correlation of h with itself over all shifts k, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap. 

Therefore, the problem reduces to finding a function h with integral 1 and values between 0 and 1, such that the maximum cross-correlation (which is 1 - overlap) is minimized. Wait, no. Because overlap = integral h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx = integral h(x) dx - integral h(x) h(x +k) dx. Since integral h(x) dx is 1, the overlap is 1 - integral h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. 

So the problem becomes: find h with integral 1 and h(x) in [0,1], such that the minimum of the cross-correlation over all shifts k is maximized. But this seems like the dual problem. 

But how to approach this? 

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as an optimization problem where for each shift k, the overlap is <= C, and then find the minimal C. 

This is a convex optimization problem if we can linearize the constraints. However, the overlap for a given shift is a bilinear constraint. 

But with nonlinear constraints, this might not be straightforward. 

Another approach is to use a branch and bound method, but that might be too slow. 

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm or other global optimization techniques. However, since the user mentioned that the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimization method, maybe we can try a different approach, such as using a more global optimization technique, like simulated annealing or particle swarm optimization. 

But with a time budget of 1100 seconds, even with a global method, it might be challenging. 

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. Since the cross-correlation is the convolution, and the problem involves integrating over the function and its shifts. However, since we're dealing with a continuous function, this might not directly apply. 

Wait, but maybe we can model the problem using the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation of h with itself at shift k is the inverse Fourier transform of the square of the Fourier transform of h evaluated at frequency corresponding to shift k. However, this is getting complex. 

Alternatively, consider that the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx over [0,2] can be approximated as a Riemann sum if we have a discrete representation. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 70. What if we try a higher n_points? For example, 100 points. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe the previous code's initial guess is not optimal. Alternatively, using a different initial guess, like a function that's periodic with certain intervals. 

Wait, the previous code starts from the initial_h_values, which may be a particular construction. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point. 

But maybe the problem is that the previous approach is too local. Trying more global optimization techniques, like using a genetic algorithm or other metaheuristics, could help escape local minima. 

But how to implement that in Python within the time constraints? 

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local method. Perhaps using a different method, like a gradient-based approach that can handle the non-convexity by adjusting the step size. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as a convex-concave procedure (CCP), which is used in non-convex optimization. For example, for each iteration, approximate the non-convex constraint with a convex one and solve that. 

But I'm not sure how to apply this directly. 

Another approach: since we need to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-convex problem, maybe we can use a method that iteratively fixes one of the overlaps and optimizes h to minimize that overlap, then proceeds to the next. 

For example:

1. Start with an initial h that satisfies the integral condition.
2. For each shift k, compute the overlap and identify the maximum overlap.
3. For that particular shift k, solve an optimization problem that minimizes the overlap for k, keeping the integral constraint fixed.
4. Update h and repeat the process for other shifts, possibly cycling through them until convergence.
5. Continue this process until the maximum overlap can't be reduced further.

But how to implement this? Each optimization for a particular k would involve minimizing the overlap for that k, which is a convex problem. For example, the overlap for shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which is linear in terms of the expectation. However, the problem is non-convex because h(x) is a variable and the variables are coupled across different x. 

Alternatively, since the overlap for a particular k can be written as:

overlap_k = ∫_{0}^{2} h(x) dx - ∫_{0}^{2} h(x) h(x +k) dx 

But the first term is 1. So the overlap is 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. 

Thus, minimizing the overlap for a particular k is equivalent to maximizing the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. 

So, for each k, the problem becomes maximizing the inner product of h with its shifted version. 

But since this is a convex problem for a fixed k, perhaps we can model this. 

However, the maximum over all k is what we need to minimize. 

But again, it's not clear how to proceed. 

Alternatively, using the fact that for the optimal h, the maximum overlap is achieved at a specific k, and then focusing on optimizing for that particular k. 

This seems similar to the idea of the previous code, which at each iteration computes the worst-case k and then optimizes for that. 

But the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed n_points. Maybe increasing n_points would allow for a better approximation. 

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's approach is not efficient enough. For example, using a fixed n_points of 70 might not be sufficient. 

Let me check the previous code. The initial code uses n_points=70, with a sum of n_points / 2. The current best is around 0.38085. The user wants to find a better construction. 

So perhaps the main issue is that the previous approach didn't explore different structures. For example, what if h is designed with a specific pattern that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes the overlap. 

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into segments where h(x) is either 0 or 1, with the average value 0.5. For example, if h is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but shifted in such a way to minimize overlaps. However, this might not work because the overlap would be high for certain shifts. 

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern with more segments. For example, a periodic function that repeats every certain length. 

But how to design such a function? Perhaps using a Fourier series approach, where h(x) is defined as a sum of sinusoidal functions that satisfy the integral constraint. 

But again, this might be complex to implement. 

Another idea: the previous code uses random perturbations, but perhaps that's not the most efficient. Maybe instead of perturbing randomly, we can use a more targeted approach, like adjusting the values of h based on the current maximum overlap. 

For example, for each iteration, compute the overlap for all shifts, find the shift with the maximum overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that overlap. 

But how to do this optimization? It's a constrained optimization problem. 

Alternatively, use a projected gradient descent method. For each step, compute the gradient of the overlap with respect to h, adjust h in the direction that reduces the overlap, and project back to the feasible set. 

But since the overlap is a max over all shifts, the gradient would be non-zero only for the shift with the maximum overlap. So, in each iteration, we can focus on that particular shift. 

This seems like a possible approach. Let me think about how to implement this. 

Let's assume that for each iteration, we:

1. Compute the overlap for all k.
2. Find the maximum overlap (say, at k_max).
3. Compute the gradient of the overlap at k_max with respect to h.
4. Update h in the direction that reduces the overlap, while respecting the constraints (sum h = n_points/2, and h ∈ [0,1]).
5. Clamp the values to [0,1] as necessary.

But how to compute the gradient? The overlap for shift k is:

overlap_k = sum_i (h_i * (1 - h_{i + k})) * dx, where indices wrap around.

This is a quadratic function of the h_i. Taking the gradient with respect to h_j, we get:

d(overlap_k)/d h_j = dx * (1 - h_{j + k}) * (if j is in the index of h_i for this overlap) ?

Wait, the overlap for shift k is the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx. So, when x is in the interval corresponding to i-th sample point, x + k is in the interval corresponding to i + k mod n_points. Therefore, for each h_j, the overlap_k is affected by h_j (in the term h(x)) and h_{j + k} (in the term (1 - h(x +k))).

Therefore, the derivative of overlap_k with respect to h_j is dx * (1 - h_{j + k} ) * derivative of h(x) (if x is the j-th point) minus the derivative of (1 - h(x +k)) * h(x) with respect to h_j. Hmm, this seems complicated. Wait, actually, the overlap for shift k is the integral over all x of h(x) [1 - h(x +k)] dx. 

Thus, the derivative with respect to h_j is:

For the term h(x) = h_j, which contributes to the integral when x is in the j-th bin. Then, the derivative of this term with respect to h_j is (1 - h(x +k)) dx for x = j. Similarly, for the term [1 - h(x +k)] which, when x = j, the x +k is j +k, and the derivative of [1 - h(x +k)] with respect to h_j is zero unless x +k is the j-th bin. Wait, no. The term [1 - h(x +k)] is part of the product. So the derivative of h(x) [1 - h(x +k)] with respect to h_j is:

If x is j, then the derivative is [1 - h(x +k)] * 1 (derivative of h(x)) + h(x) * (- derivative of h(x +k)). But the derivative of h(x +k) with respect to h_j is 1 if x +k = j, i.e., if k = j -x. Wait, this is getting really tangled. 

Alternatively, since we are dealing with a discrete approximation, maybe we can compute the derivative numerically. But for optimization purposes, it's more efficient to have an analytical gradient. 

But perhaps I'm overcomplicating this. If the previous approach using SLSQP isn't sufficient, perhaps using a different optimization method, like using a direct search algorithm that's more robust to local minima, such as the Nelder-Mead algorithm. However, Nelder-Mead is not guaranteed to find the global minimum but might work in practice. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be effective for high-dimensional problems with noisy objective functions. However, implementing this would require more code and might be complex. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe increasing n_points to, say, 100 or 200 could allow for a more precise approximation and thus a better C₅ bound. However, increasing the number of points increases the problem's complexity. 

But with the time budget of 1100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable. For example, if each iteration takes 1 second, then 1000 iterations are possible. However, each iteration requires computing the overlaps and solving an optimization problem. 

Alternatively, using a smaller number of points and a more efficient optimization method. 

Wait, the target is to get C₅ ≤ 0.380876, which is very close to the previous best. So any improvement would be small. 

Let me think about the previous code. The main steps are:

- Use an initial guess h.
- Perturb it randomly and use SLSQP to minimize the maximum overlap while maintaining the sum constraint.
- Repeat until time runs out.

The code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of points. However, perhaps using a more efficient optimizer, like SLSQP with more iterations, or adjusting the tolerance settings to get better results.

Alternatively, instead of random perturbations, use a more systematic approach. For example, starting from the initial h, and iteratively solving the optimization problem for the worst-case shift, then proceeding to the next worst-case shift, and so on. Each time focusing on the current worst shift. 

This might help in avoiding local minima. For example, in each iteration, compute the worst-case overlap, then update h to reduce that overlap, then recompute the new worst-case overlap, and iterate. 

To implement this, perhaps we can:

- Start with an initial h.
- For each iteration:
   - Compute overlaps for all shifts k.
   - Find the shift k_max with maximum overlap.
   - Solve an optimization problem that minimizes the overlap at k_max, subject to the sum constraint.
   - Update h.
- Repeat until no improvement is observed.

This would be a gradient-based approach where each step focuses on the current worst-case scenario. 

To implement this, we can use the SLSQP method again, but in each iteration, the objective function is the overlap for the current k_max. 

However, this approach could get stuck in a local minimum where the overlap for k_max is reduced, but other shifts have higher overlaps. 

But if the previous code's approach is to perturb and then optimize, perhaps alternating between different shifts might help. 

Alternatively, use a combination of both strategies. 

But how to implement this? 

Another idea: since the previous code used a fixed n_points of 70, perhaps trying with a higher number of points would allow for a more precise solution. For example, using n_points=100. This would increase the number of samples but might lead to better approximations. 

But given the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. 

Alternatively, using a combination of different strategies. For instance, starting with a low n_points and increasing it if needed. 

But considering the time constraints, perhaps the previous code is already at the limit. 

Another thought: the previous code's initial guess is the initial_h_values, which might not be the best. What if we use a different initial guess? For example, using a function that is a periodic sequence of 0.5s, 0.5s, etc., but that would not satisfy the integral constraint. Or a more complex pattern. 

Alternatively, construct an initial h that's designed to have low overlap for most shifts. For example, a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other, but this would have high overlap for shifts that are smaller than the interval length. 

But this is not helpful. 

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, such as a sinusoidal function. However, since h must be a step function, maybe a step function that approximates a sinusoidal shape. 

For example, a function that is 0.5 over the interval, with certain segments rising or falling. 

But again, designing such a function is non-trivial. 

Another idea: the problem is similar to the Erdos' problem on the minimum maximum overlap. Perhaps existing literature or known constructions can provide inspiration. 

For example, in the Erdos problem, the optimal constant is known to be between 0.38 and 0.4. The target here is to get it below 0.380876. 

According to some references, the optimal C5 is known to be around 0.3807, which is close to the target. So the previous code's result is very close to that. 

Given that, perhaps the previous code is already near the optimal, and the task is to find a better construction. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method, like the one used in the previous code but with more iterations or better parameters. 

For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=100 and ftol=1e-9. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. 

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values from the parent construction and apply more systematic optimization steps. 

Another approach: the previous code uses a random perturbation around the initial_h. What if instead of random perturbations, we use a gradient descent approach with a learning rate that adapts based on the current state of the optimization? 

For example, compute the worst-case overlap, then compute the gradient with respect to h, and adjust h in the direction that reduces overlap, while maintaining the constraints. 

But again, computing the gradient is non-trivial. 

Alternatively, use numerical differentiation to approximate the gradient. 

For example, for a small ε, compute the overlap for h + ε * direction and h - ε * direction, and use the difference to approximate the gradient. 

But this would be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, use a random direction perturbation, similar to the previous code, but with a better way of handling the constraints. 

So, putting all this together, perhaps the best way to improve on the previous code is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- For each iteration:
   - Compute all overlaps and find the maximum.
   - Generate a new guess by perturbing the current h in a way that reduces the overlap for the maximum shift.
   - Use SLSQP to optimize this new guess to minimize the overlap for the current maximum shift.
   - Update the current h.
- Repeat until time runs out.

This approach focuses each optimization step on the current worst-case shift, which might lead to better convergence. 

To implement this, the code would need to:

1. Find the worst shift k_max.
2. Formulate the optimization problem with the objective being the overlap for k_max.
3. Solve it with SLSQP.
4. Repeat.

But how to implement this in code? 

The previous code's objective function computes the maximum overlap. If we instead focus on the current k_max, then the objective function becomes the overlap for k_max. 

This would change the optimization process. 

But since there are many shifts, the current k_max could change after each iteration. 

So, each time, we compute the current maximum overlap, then optimize for that specific shift. 

This might lead to a better reduction in the maximum overlap. 

Alternatively, we can alternate between different shifts, but for simplicity, focusing on the current maximum each time. 

This approach could be implemented as follows:

- Initialize h.
- While time allows:
   - Compute all overlaps.
   - Find k_max.
   - Compute the overlap for k_max.
   - Solve the optimization problem to minimize this overlap while maintaining the sum constraint.
   - Update h to the solution.
   - Check if the maximum overlap has decreased.

This requires a more directed optimization process. 

In terms of code modification, the previous code's objective function was the maximum overlap, but this approach would change the objective to the overlap for the current k_max. 

However, this would require modifying the objective function, which could allow for faster convergence. 

Another consideration is that focusing on each k_max might lead to a situation where other shifts have higher overlaps. However, by iteratively minimizing the current worst-case shift, it's possible to converge towards a solution where all shifts have sufficiently low overlap. 

In the previous code, the random perturbations and optimization over all shifts might lead to suboptimal solutions. 

So, modifying the code to focus on minimizing the current worst-case shift instead of the global maximum might lead to better results. 

But how to implement this? 

The code would need to loop through optimizing for each k_max. However, this could require more computational resources. 

Another idea: instead of perturbing randomly, each step focuses on reducing the current worst-case shift. For example, in each iteration:

1. Compute the overlaps for all shifts.
2. Select the shift k_max with the highest overlap.
3. Set the objective function to minimize the overlap for k_max.
4. Solve the optimization problem for this objective.
5. Update h.
6. Repeat until convergence.

But this is a major change from the previous approach. 

To implement this, the code's objective function needs to be dynamic, based on the current k_max. However, in the current code, the objective function uses the maximum of the overlaps. 

Revising the code to use the current k_max would involve:

- In each iteration, compute all overlaps.
- Select the maximum.
- Use that as the objective for the optimization step.

But in the previous code, the optimization step is for the current h (after perturbation) to minimize the maximum overlap. 

So, modifying the code to focus on the current k_max might be a way to improve. 

In terms of code, this would require changing the objective function from maximizing the maximum overlap to minimizing the overlap for a specific shift. 

However, this would require a different optimization problem each time, which might be more computationally intensive. 

But given that the previous code's approach might not have found the global optimum, this focused approach might yield better results. 

Alternatively, use a combination of both: in each iteration, perturb the h, then optimize for the current worst shift. 

Another idea: if the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help. However, the code already has a maxiter of 100. 

Alternatively, looking at the previous code's parameters, like the initial perturbation step size (sigma = 0.1 * ...), which decreases over time. 

In the previous code, the perturbation step is decreasing over time, which might be a good approach. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way to improve upon the previous code is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- For each iteration, perturb the current h with a small random step, then use SLSQP to minimize the maximum overlap, not just the current k_max.
- Continue this process for more iterations, perhaps increasing the number of iterations allowed within the budget. 

But the time budget is fixed, so increasing the number of iterations would require reducing the per-iteration cost. 

Alternatively, adjust the parameters of the optimization, such as increasing the maxiter or decreasing the tolerance. 

In the previous code, the options include maxiter=100, ftol=1e-9, and eps=1e-8. Perhaps increasing the ftol or adjusting the eps could allow for faster convergence. 

But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, use a different solver, like using the 'COBYLA' method in scipy. It handles bounds well and might be more suitable for this problem. 

In the previous code, the method is 'SLSQP'. Maybe switching to COBYLA could yield better results. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed sigma for perturbation. Perhaps varying the sigma in a way that allows for more global search initially and more local refinement later. 

For example, starting with a larger sigma for initial perturbations to explore the search space, and then decreasing it as time allows. 

But the previous code's sigma starts at 0.1 and decreases over time. This is a reasonable approach. 

Given all these possibilities, the main idea is to improve the optimization process by either:

1. Changing the optimization method (e.g., using COBYLA instead of SLSQP).
2. Changing the strategy to focus on the current worst-case shift each time.
3. Increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters for better convergence.
4. Trying a different initial guess (if available).

In the absence of the parent construction, the code starts with a different initial guess. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available. 

So, incorporating these thoughts into the code, the revised plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- For each iteration:
   - Perturb the current h with a random step, then normalize it to satisfy the sum constraint.
   - Use SLSQP to optimize the current h to minimize the maximum overlap.
   - Keep track of the best solution found.
   - Repeat until the time budget is exhausted.
- Avoid the need for other changes, like increasing n_points, to save time. 

But since the previous approach didn't achieve the target, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, using a better solver, or using a different perturbation strategy could help. 

Alternatively, use multiple initial guesses and select the best one. 

However, given the time constraints, the most straightforward improvement is to change the optimization method and parameters. 

Thus, in the final code, I'll modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA, which might handle the constraints more efficiently. Also, adjusting the parameters like the maximum iterations and tolerance. 

Additionally, ensuring that the code respects the time budget by tracking elapsed time and stopping early if necessary. 

Now, let me write the code accordingly. The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Perturb it randomly, then use COBYLA to minimize the maximum overlap.
- Track the best solution found.
- Ensure the sum constraint is satisfied.
- Use a time budget of 1100 seconds.
- Return the best solution, the bound, and n_points.

But I'll need to test this approach. 

In summary, the improved code would use a better optimization method, adjust parameters, and possibly change the perturbation strategy. The previous code's main issue may be the optimization method and parameters. 

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum overlap, which is a complex function, the optimizer might struggle to find the global minimum. Using a more robust solver like COBYLA could help. 

In Python, scipy.optimize.minimize supports the 'COBYLA' method. 

So, modifying the previous code to use 'COBYLA' instead of 'SLSQP' might yield better results. 

Other adjustments: increasing the maxiter, adjusting tolerance, etc. 

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 70
    ones_count = n_points // 2
    if 'initial_h_values' in globals():
        initial_h = initial_h_values.copy()
    else:
        initial_h = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    
    def objective(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * (2.0 / n_points)
    
    def constraint_sum(h):
        return np.sum(h) - ones_count
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0)] * n_points
    best_h = initial_h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(initial_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s:
        sigma = 0.15 * (1 - (time.time() - start_time) / budget_s)
        h_perturbed = initial_h + np.random.normal(0, sigma, n_points)
        h_perturbed = np.clip(h_perturbed, 0.0, 1.0)
        h_perturbed = h_perturbed * (ones_count / np.sum(h_perturbed))
        
        result = minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=h_perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum},
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
            initial_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```