<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with initial guesses based on an existing construction and some random perturbations. But the current best is 0.381161, and we need to get down to 0.380876 or lower.

First, I need to understand what's going on here. The problem requires finding a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (which is the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k) is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h, scaled by dx.

The previous approach used multiple initial guesses, some based on the initial construction and some random, then optimized each with SLSQP. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about possible strategies.

The lessons mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. What else could be done?

One idea is to use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters. For example, maybe using a more global optimization method to avoid local minima. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining with a global search strategy, like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, could help find better initial points. But given the time budget, that might be too slow.

Another thought: the initial guess is based on the existing construction. Maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses. The previous code uses some perturbations of the initial guess and some random guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or using different methods to generate them could help. But with the time constraint, maybe that's not feasible.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be reformulated. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since we're dealing with a step function, perhaps there's a way to model this with piecewise constants and optimize the breakpoints. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster computation. However, maybe there's a sweet spot where increasing n_points slightly improves the bound without making the optimization too slow. But the previous code uses 150, so perhaps trying 200 or 250 could be worth it. However, with the time budget, maybe 150 is better.

Wait, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So 150 is acceptable. But maybe using a different discretization strategy, like adaptive sampling, could help. But that might complicate things.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of several correlations. Maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts k. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst case is often when k is such that the overlap is maximized. Perhaps focusing the optimization on those specific k values could help. However, how to incorporate that into the optimization?

Alternatively, maybe the previous approach could be improved by using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a more structured approach, like a piecewise constant function with certain properties.

Wait, the initial_h_values are from a previous construction. Maybe that construction isn't optimal, and we can generate better initial guesses by modifying it. For example, using a different pattern of steps, like a more balanced distribution of 0s and 1s, or varying the step sizes.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (20). Maybe increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, the previous code already uses 20, so perhaps that's sufficient.

What about the optimization parameters? The previous code uses ftol=1e-10 and maxiter=1000. Maybe adjusting these could help. For example, using a lower ftol might not be necessary, or perhaps using a different method like COBYLA or trust-constr. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a good choice for constrained problems.

Wait, the problem allows using different solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. Maybe switching to a different solver could lead to better results. For example, using the SLSQP method with a different solver backend, or using a more robust solver. However, the previous code uses scipy's optimize, which might not have access to all solvers. The user mentioned that scipy, numpy, and cvxpy with various solvers are allowed. Maybe using cvxpy with a different solver could be better.

But integrating cvxpy into the optimization might complicate things. Let me think. The problem is a constrained optimization problem: minimize the maximum correlation, subject to the integral constraint. However, the maximum correlation is a non-convex function, making it difficult to solve with convex methods. So maybe using a non-convex optimization approach is necessary.

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the problem by considering that the maximum correlation is the maximum over k of the integral. So, perhaps we can sample a set of k values and minimize the maximum over those samples. However, this is an approximation and might not capture the true maximum.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we penalize the maximum value. However, this is similar to what the current code does.

Wait, the current code's objective function is the maximum correlation, which is what we want to minimize. So the code is correct in that aspect.

So, perhaps the main issue is the initial guess and the optimization process. Maybe the previous code isn't exploring the search space enough. Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses.

The initial guess is based on the initial_h_values, which might be a suboptimal solution. Maybe generating initial guesses that are more varied could help. For example, using a different construction, like a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, or a different pattern.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach to evolve better initial guesses. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this is vague and might not be straightforward to implement.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of a step function with arbitrary values, model h as a piecewise constant function with certain breakpoints. But this might complicate the optimization.

Wait, the current code uses a step function represented by n_points samples. The step function is piecewise constant, so the h_values are the values at each point. The integral constraint is handled by ensuring the sum of h_values multiplied by dx equals 1.

Another idea: perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help find better solutions, even if it's slower. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible. But perhaps with some tuning, it could work.

Let me think about the time. The previous code runs for 100 seconds. If we use a more efficient method, maybe we can do more iterations. Alternatively, maybe using a combination of methods: using a global search to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

But how to implement that? For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to refine it. However, the differential evolution might take longer, but perhaps with a limited number of iterations, it could be manageable.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-start approach with more initial guesses. The previous code uses 20 initial guesses. Maybe increasing that number could help, but again, with time constraints.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, could lead to better results. Let me check the time. For example, if n_points is 200, dx is 0.01, which might require more computation, but perhaps the optimization can still be done within the time budget.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, maybe for better accuracy, a larger n_points is needed. But given that the previous code uses 150, perhaps trying 200 could be worth it.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization strategy. For example, using a non-uniform grid where more points are placed where the function h changes rapidly. But this complicates the implementation.

Another angle: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. Maybe focusing on those shifts during optimization could help. For example, if we can determine which shifts are most critical, we could adjust the optimization to prioritize those.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? It might be difficult without prior knowledge. However, perhaps during the optimization process, we can track which shifts contribute the most to the maximum value and adjust accordingly.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs when k is such that the overlap is maximized. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst case is often when the shift is such that the overlap is maximized. However, without knowing the exact shifts, it's hard to target them.

Another idea: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlations. However, the maximum could be achieved at multiple k values. Maybe the optimization could be modified to penalize all correlations, not just the maximum. But that's not the case; we need to minimize the maximum.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses multiple initial guesses and optimizes each with SLSQP. The best result from those is taken. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, if all initial guesses are based on the initial_h_values and some random noise, they might be stuck in a local optimum. So, generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

How to generate more diverse initial guesses? Perhaps using different patterns. For example, instead of random noise, generate initial guesses that are structured in a way that might lead to better overlap. For example, using a periodic pattern, or a pattern that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain way.

Alternatively, using a different initial construction. The initial_h_values are from a previous solution. Maybe there's a better initial construction that's not used here. However, the problem states that the initial_h_values are available, so we can use them as a starting point.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe using a larger number of initial guesses, but with some randomness, could help. However, the previous code already uses 20 initial guesses. Maybe increasing that to 50 or 100, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate initial guesses, then refining them with SLSQP. But implementing a genetic algorithm within the code might be complex.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a bilevel optimization approach. However, this is likely to be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, instead of using the full convolution, perhaps precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum and optimizing for those. But again, without knowing which shifts, this is challenging.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code uses a tolerance of 1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing the tolerance could allow the optimization to run faster and find a better solution. However, the previous code already has a tight tolerance, so perhaps that's not the issue.

Another idea: the current code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with noise. Maybe generating initial guesses that are more varied, such as using different patterns. For example, using a step function with different widths, or a combination of steps.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the current best solution. But since we don't have a current best solution, that's not possible.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values are available. Maybe the initial_h_values are a good starting point, but perhaps modifying them in a certain way could lead to better results. For example, adjusting the positions of the steps to reduce overlap.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized when the function h and 1-h overlap as much as possible. So, to minimize this, h should be designed such that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a function with low autocorrelation, which is a known problem in signal processing. Perhaps techniques from that field could be applied here.

In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are used in various applications. For example, Barker codes have low autocorrelation. However, these are typically for binary sequences. Maybe there's a way to adapt such concepts here.

But how to apply this to our problem? The function h is a step function with integral 1. Perhaps designing h to have a certain structure that minimizes the maximum overlap. For example, distributing the 1s and 0s in a way that avoids overlaps when shifted.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. However, maybe using a random permutation of 1s and 0s, ensuring the integral constraint, could be a starting point. However, the previous code already includes some random initial guesses.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of SLSQP. However, the constraints are equality constraints, so L-BFGS-B might not handle them well. Alternatively, using the 'trust-constr' method, which is more robust for constrained problems.

Let me check the scipy.optimize.minimize documentation. The 'trust-constr' method can handle equality constraints and might be more efficient. Perhaps switching to this method could lead to better results.

So, modifying the code to use 'trust-constr' instead of 'SLSQP' might help. Also, adjusting the optimization parameters, like the tolerance and maximum iterations.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, could allow for a more precise approximation of the continuous function, leading to a better bound. However, increasing n_points increases the computation time. Let's see: with n_points=200, dx=0.01, the number of samples is larger, but the optimization might take longer. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe it's manageable.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, given that the previous code uses 150 and achieves a certain bound, perhaps trying a larger n_points could be worth it. Let me think about the trade-off.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach: start with a lower n_points and then refine with a higher n_points. But this complicates the code.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlations. However, the maximum could be achieved at multiple shifts. Maybe the optimization could be modified to consider all shifts, but that's what the current code already does.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's results. The current best is 0.381161. The target is 0.380876. To improve this, we need to find a function h that reduces the maximum overlap integral.

Perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, such as using different patterns, could lead to better results. For example, using a function that is more spread out, or has more steps.

Alternatively, using a different initial construction. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, using a different construction that is known to have lower overlap. However, the problem states that the initial_h_values are available, so we can use them as a starting point.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using a more efficient way to generate them. For example, using a Latin hypercube sampling or other methods to generate diverse initial points.

But implementing such methods might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and random guesses with different parameters.

Another angle: the current code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with noise. Maybe generating initial guesses that are more structured. For example, using a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave or a triangular wave, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to generate such functions? For example, a triangular wave that rises and falls, ensuring the integral is 1. However, this requires careful construction.

Alternatively, using a piecewise linear function with certain properties. But again, this requires a way to generate such functions.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

But this might not directly help with the optimization, but it's an interesting observation.

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. This might suggest that we need to design h such that its autocorrelation is as high as possible for all k, but that seems contradictory. Wait, no: the maximum overlap integral is the maximum over k of [1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx], so to minimize this maximum, we need to maximize the minimum of integral h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So it's a maximin problem.

This might suggest that the problem is related to designing a function with high autocorrelation for all shifts, but that's not possible. However, the goal is to make the minimum of these autocorrelations as high as possible, which would lower the maximum overlap integral.

But how to model this in the optimization? It's a bit abstract, but perhaps this perspective could lead to a different approach.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation, perhaps using a function with high autocorrelation for certain shifts and low for others. However, this is vague.

Let me return to the code. The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe switching to the 'trust-constr' method could yield better results. Let me check the parameters for that method. The 'trust-constr' method in scipy.optimize.minimize can handle equality constraints and might be more efficient.

So, modifying the code to use 'trust-constr' instead of 'SLSQP' might help. Also, adjusting the optimization parameters like tolerance and maximum iterations.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe using a larger number of initial guesses, but with a more efficient way to generate them. For example, generating initial guesses that are random but with a certain structure.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the current best solution. But since we don't have a current best solution, that's not possible.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum correlation. However, during optimization, the maximum could be achieved at different shifts. Maybe the optimization could be modified to focus on those shifts. For example, if during the optimization process, we track which shifts contribute to the maximum and adjust the function to reduce those.

But this would require modifying the objective function dynamically, which is not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at specific shifts, such as k=1, k=2, etc. For example, in the interval [0,2], the shifts could be from -2 to +2. However, the exact shifts depend on the function h.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is calculated over all possible shifts, maybe the maximum occurs at shifts where the overlap is maximized. For example, when the shift k is such that the regions where h is 1 and 1-h is 1 overlap as much as possible.

But again, without knowing the exact shifts, it's hard to target them.

Perhaps the main issue is the initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess that is more optimal could lead to better results. For example, using a different construction, like a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple step functions, each with different widths, to minimize overlap.

But how to generate such a function? It's unclear.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy algorithm. Start with a simple function and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. Repeat until convergence.

However, implementing such a greedy algorithm would require a way to adjust h based on the current maximum overlap. This could be complex, but perhaps manageable.

For example, in each iteration, compute the maximum overlap, identify the shift k that gives the maximum, then adjust h to reduce the overlap for that k. However, this is a heuristic and might not lead to the global optimum.

But given the time constraints, this could be a viable approach. Let's think about how to implement this.

However, integrating this into the existing code might be challenging. The current code uses optimization, so combining it with a greedy approach might not be straightforward.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 150. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 200, could lead to better results. Let me calculate the time. For example, with n_points=200, dx=0.01, the number of samples is larger, but the optimization might take longer. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible that the code could still run.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the previous code uses 150, so perhaps trying 200 is acceptable.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we start with a lower n_points and then refine with a higher n_points. But this would complicate the code.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum correlation. However, the maximum correlation could be achieved at multiple shifts. Maybe the optimization could be modified to consider all shifts, but that's what the current code does.

Hmm. I'm not sure what else to try. Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 20 initial guesses, with some based on the initial_h_values and some random. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help. For example, using 50 initial guesses instead of 20. But with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a Latin hypercube sampling to generate diverse initial points.

But implementing Latin hypercube sampling would require additional code.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe using a different initial guess for each optimization run, such as using a different random seed for each guess. However, the previous code already uses randomness in generating the initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations, but with noise. Maybe generating initial guesses that are more varied by varying the noise parameters. For example, using different noise amplitudes for different initial guesses.

But this is already partially done in the previous code, where some guesses are perturbed with small noise and others are random.

At this point, I think the main improvements could be:

1. Using a different optimization method, like 'trust-constr' instead of 'SLSQP'.
2. Increasing the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
3. Trying a different n_points, possibly larger than 150, to get a better approximation.
4. Using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses, such as combining the initial_h_values with random perturbations and other structured patterns.

Let me try to implement these ideas.

First, changing the optimization method to 'trust-constr'. This method might handle the constraints better and find a better minimum.

Second, increasing the number of initial guesses. For example, using 50 initial guesses instead of 20.

Third, trying a larger n_points, like 200, to see if it leads to a better bound.

Fourth, generating initial guesses with different patterns, such as using a more structured approach.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible changes are switching to 'trust-constr' and increasing the number of initial guesses.

Let me also consider that the previous code's initial guesses are based on the initial_h_values and some random guesses. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses could help. For example, using a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave or a triangular wave, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

However, generating such functions would require additional code. For example, creating a function that is a sine wave with certain parameters, then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint.

But without knowing the exact parameters, this is challenging. Alternatively, using a random permutation of 1s and 0s, ensuring the integral constraint.

But this might not be effective.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of multiple step functions, each with different widths, to distribute the 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement.

So, focusing on the changes that are easier to implement: switching the optimization method and increasing the number of initial guesses.

Let me modify the code accordingly.

First, change the optimization method to 'trust-constr'. This requires adjusting the minimize call.

Second, increase the number of initial guesses to, say, 50.

Third, try a larger n_points, like 200.

But let's check the time. For example, with n_points=200, the dx is 0.01, which might require more computation. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might still be feasible.

But since the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe keeping n_points=150 is better.

So, let's proceed with the following changes:

- Use 'trust-constr' optimization method.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to 50.
- Use the initial_h_values as a base for some initial guesses, and generate more random ones.

Let me also adjust the tolerance and maximum iterations to allow for better convergence.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess with noise. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses by varying the noise parameters or using different patterns.

But with time constraints, perhaps the main changes are to the optimization method and the number of initial guesses.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Change the method to 'trust-constr'.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to 50.
- Adjust the optimization parameters.

Let me also check if the 'trust-constr' method can handle the constraints. Yes, it can, as it supports equality constraints.

Another thing: the previous code uses a tolerance of 1e-10. Maybe relaxing this to 1e-8 could allow for faster convergence, but it's a trade-off between accuracy and speed.

Putting it all together, the modified code would look like this:

- Use 'trust-constr' method.
- Generate more initial guesses.
- Adjust optimization parameters.

Now, let's think about the code structure. The previous code had a loop over initial_guesses, and for each, it ran the optimization. With more initial guesses, this might take longer, but with the time budget, it's manageable.

Another possible improvement: using a different solver backend for 'trust-constr', like 'SLSQP' or 'dogleg', but the default is probably sufficient.

So, the final code would include these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 200  # Increased for better resolution
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Generate initial guess via interpolation
    x_initial = np.linspace(0, 2, len(initial_h_values))
    x_new = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
    initial_guess = np.interp(x_new, x_initial, initial_h_values)
    # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
    initial_guess = initial_guess / np.sum(initial_guess) * (n_points / 2)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses: some based on initial guess with noise, some random
    num_initial_guesses = 50  # Increased to explore more of the search space
    initial_guesses = []
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses):
        # Add random noise with smaller variance
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.001, n_points)
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        # Clip to [0, 1]
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        # Adjust sum to meet the constraint
        scale_factor = (n_points / 2) / np.sum(perturbed)
        perturbed *= scale_factor
        initial_guesses.append(perturbed)
    
    # Generate some random initial guesses
    for _ in range(num_initial_guesses // 2):
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * (n_points / 2)
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraint function
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run optimizations for each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Run optimization with tighter tolerances and trust-constr method
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='trust-constr',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    # If no optimization was done, use the initial guess
    if best_h is None:
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            initial_guess,
            method='trust-constr',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        best_c5 = result.fun
        best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```