<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and we're aiming for something lower, like 0.380876. The task is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the existing code uses a combination of SLSQP optimization, differential evolution, and L-BFGS-B. But maybe there are better ways. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is an array of 45 samples. But maybe starting with different initializations could help avoid local minima. Also, the code uses a lot of different optimization methods. Perhaps I can focus more on a specific method that's efficient for this problem.

Wait, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the convolution between h and 1-h. The overlap integral is the convolution result multiplied by dx. The challenge is to find h such that the maximum of these overlaps is as small as possible. This seems like a constrained optimization problem where the integral of h is fixed.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since h is a step function, maybe piecewise constant. The optimal h might have certain symmetries or patterns. For example, perhaps a periodic or structured pattern that evenly distributes the mass to minimize overlaps. However, since the interval is [0,2], maybe there's a way to partition the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, but with some transition zones where it varies.

Alternatively, maybe a more sophisticated approach is needed. Since the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it's computationally expensive. Maybe there's a way to use a better optimization strategy, like a genetic algorithm with more efficient selection of candidates or a different population-based approach.

But considering the time budget of 100 seconds and only 1 CPU, it's important to make the code as efficient as possible. Let's think about the existing approach. The code uses differential evolution with a population of 150, which might be too slow. Maybe reducing the population size or adjusting parameters could help. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method after some initial exploration.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these integrals, perhaps we can model this as a game where the function h tries to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions. This is a bit abstract, but maybe there's a way to structure h to have low overlap with itself at different shifts.

Let me think about the constraints again. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so it's a density function. The function h can be represented as a step function with piecewise constant values. The goal is to spread out the density so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is concentrated in two regions, then shifting by a certain amount might cause an overlap between these regions. So, maybe distributing the mass evenly across different parts of the interval.

Another approach is to use a non-uniform distribution. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to minimize overlaps. However, since the interval is [0,2], maybe splitting it into intervals where h is 1 and 0, but with some overlapping regions where the function transitions.

Wait, perhaps the optimal solution has a symmetric structure. Since the problem is over [0,2], maybe a symmetric h function would help. For instance, having two regions where h is 1, placed symmetrically, and the rest as zero. But how to determine the placement and size of these regions to minimize overlaps?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts, perhaps focusing on optimizing h to minimize the worst-case shift. Maybe using a greedy algorithm where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, gradient-based methods might be more effective here.

The existing code uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, but it's time-consuming. Maybe we can use a more efficient method for the initial exploration. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population but fewer generations, then refining with SLSQP. However, the problem is that the code might not have enough time to run all these steps.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach could be more efficient, but I'm not sure if scipy has that. It's possible that improving the initial guess with a better seeding strategy could lead to better results.

Another thought: the previous code uses a starting point of initial_h_values (n=45 samples). Maybe there's a better initial construction. For example, using a constructed pattern that is known to be close to optimal. However, since initial_h_values is provided, perhaps modifying it or using another initial guess could help.

Wait, the initial_h_values is an existing construction. Maybe the current approach is getting stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps trying different starting points, such as varying the number of 1s and 0s, or introducing some randomness in the initial guesses, could lead to better results.

Let me consider the existing code's approach. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates initial guesses with varying numbers of 1s and different patterns (regular vs random). Then, it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe the differential evolution part is taking too much time. Let me check the parameters. For differential evolution, the code uses popsize=150, maxiter=200, which might be computationally intensive for 45 variables. Maybe reducing the popsize or maxiter would help, but at the cost of slower convergence.

Alternatively, perhaps using a local optimization method like SLSQP with a better initial guess is more efficient. Maybe the differential evolution step is unnecessary and can be replaced with a more efficient method.

Another idea: since the problem is a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. The function to minimize is the maximum of a set of nonlinear functions. So it's a non-convex problem. Therefore, finding the global minimum is hard, and we have to rely on heuristics.

Let me think about the structure of the objective function. For each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, the function h needs to be such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible.

An alternative approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that x and x + k are in regions where h is high. So, the function h should be arranged so that there are no regions where h is high and another region shifted by k is also high. This might be similar to designing a function with certain spacing between high regions.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a method where we define h as a step function with certain intervals, then optimize the positions and lengths of those intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

However, this seems complex. Maybe using a more practical approach, like the previous code, but with some modifications. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, like L-BFGS-B with bounds and constraints, and fine-tuning the parameters.

Another idea is to use a coarser grid. The current code uses n_points=45. Maybe increasing n_points allows for a more precise function, but with the budget of 100 seconds, it might take longer. Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster. So, maybe using a smaller n_points, say 30 or 40, could be better. But the initial_h_values has 45 samples. However, the user wants to start from the current construction. So, perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is necessary.

Let me think about the code structure. The existing code tries several initial guesses and then runs differential evolution, followed by SLSQP. But maybe we can adjust the differential evolution parameters to make it faster. For example, reducing the population size or the number of iterations.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=150 and maxiter=200. That's quite a lot. Maybe reducing these parameters could save time. For example, using popsize=50 and maxiter=100, which would be more manageable within the time budget.

Another thought: the code uses a random seed for initial guesses. Maybe using a different seed or a better initialization could lead to better results. However, in the code, the seed is fixed as 42. But the user might want to explore different seeds, but the function is called with a fixed seed, so that's not possible. So, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal.

Another angle: the overlapping integral for each shift is related to the convolution of h with 1-h. Since the integral is over the entire domain, but the convolution mode is 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. The maximum value of this cross-correlation is the C5. So, perhaps we can model this as a problem of minimizing the maximum of the convolution, given the integral constraint.

In terms of optimization, perhaps using a gradient-based method with careful handling of the constraints. However, the problem is that the function to minimize is non-smooth (since it's the maximum of several functions), so the gradients might be difficult to compute. However, in practice, using a method like SLSQP with bounds might still work, as the code does.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlaps. For example, precomputing all shifts and using vectorized operations to speed up the evaluation. However, the existing code already uses numpy's correlate function, which is efficient.

Wait, in the existing code, for each guess, the objective function computes the correlation and returns the maximum value multiplied by dx. The correlation is computed once, and then the maximum is taken. This is correct.

So, to make this more efficient, perhaps precomputing all possible shifts isn't necessary, and the code is as efficient as possible. So, the main issue is the optimization algorithm's effectiveness.

Perhaps trying a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but it might not be as effective for high-dimensional problems. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where we first use a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then refine with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, maybe focusing on improving the initial guesses and the optimization process.

Wait, the previous code uses a generate_varied_guess function that creates initial guesses with varying numbers of ones. Maybe trying more varied initializations could help. For example, trying more different patterns or using a different strategy to generate initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps using a pattern based on known optimal solutions. Since the problem is about the Erdos constant, there might be existing literature or constructions that are close to optimal. However, without prior knowledge, the code has to generate patterns on its own.

Another idea: using a more structured initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal-length segments and setting h to 1 in some of them. For instance, if we divide into 3 segments, setting h to 1 in two segments, then shift them to minimize overlaps. However, this is a simplified approach, but maybe it can be extended.

But how to translate this into code? For example, generating initial guesses with a regular pattern of 1s and 0s. The current code does this with generate_varied_guess, but maybe that's not sufficient. For example, using a more systematic way to distribute the 1s and 0s.

Wait, the current code generates initial guesses by randomly choosing positions for 1s, then filling in 0.5s if needed. Maybe trying different patterns, such as placing 1s in positions that are spaced apart as much as possible, could help.

For example, if we have a certain number of 1s, placing them as far apart as possible would minimize overlaps. This is similar to the concept of sphere packing. For instance, if the function h has 1s in positions that are spread out, the overlapping with their shifts would be minimized.

So, perhaps generating an initial guess by placing the 1s in positions that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, using a regular grid, with 1s at positions that are multiples of 2/N, where N is the number of 1s.

Alternatively, using a Fibonacci-like sequence or some other spacing that evenly distributes the 1s. This might help in the initial guess.

Let me think about how to implement this. For a given number of 1s, say num_ones, the best way to place them in the interval [0,2] would be to spread them out as evenly as possible. For example, placing them at positions i*(2/(num_ones+1)) for i in 1 to num_ones. This ensures that the 1s are as spread out as possible.

So, generating initial guesses with this regular spacing might be better than random choices. The current code has a 'regular' pattern option, but maybe that's not being utilized enough. For example, in the previous code, generate_varied_guess with 'regular' is used, but perhaps increasing the number of such initial guesses could help.

Another thought: the optimization could benefit from a better initial guess, which is why generating initial guesses with regular spacing is important. So, modifying the code to generate more such regular patterns could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps combining regular and random patterns in the initial guesses.

Another idea: using a ternary search approach or other methods for multivariate optimization. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Let me think about the code again. The current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it's computationally heavy. The time budget is 100 seconds, which for 45 variables and differential evolution with popsize=150 and maxiter=200 could be tight. Maybe reducing the number of generations or the population size would help.

For example, reducing the popsize to 50 or 100 and maxiter to 100. But then the algorithm might not converge to a good solution. However, given that the previous code achieved a C5 of 0.381142, perhaps tweaking the parameters could lead to a better result.

Another possible improvement: instead of using differential evolution, use a more efficient global optimization method. However, scipy's differential evolution is one of the few available. Alternatively, using a different optimization method like genetic algorithms, but the code would need to be adjusted.

Alternatively, using a combination of local and global optimization. For example, using differential evolution for a limited number of iterations to find a good starting point, then using SLSQP to refine it.

Given that the previous code already does this, maybe the issue is in the choice of parameters. For instance, in the differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters are set to (0.8, 1.0) and 0.9. Maybe adjusting these could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive mutation to explore the search space more thoroughly.

But without knowing the exact parameters that would work, it's hard to say. However, considering that the code uses a fixed set of parameters, perhaps trying a different setup.

Another aspect: the current code's objective function computes the max of the convolution, but perhaps there's a way to vectorize this computation more efficiently, reducing the evaluation time. However, the numpy correlate function is already optimized, so maybe not much can be done there.

Alternatively, precomputing all possible shifts and evaluating them for each h. But the code already does that via the np.correlate function with mode='full'.

So, the main points to consider are:

1. Improve the initial guess by using more systematic patterns (like evenly spaced 1s).
2. Tune the parameters of the optimization methods used (e.g., reduce the number of iterations, population size, etc.).
3. Use a more efficient local optimization method after the global exploration.
4. Explore different starting points, including variations with different numbers of 1s.

Let me think about modifying the code to implement these ideas. For example, generating more initial guesses with evenly spaced 1s, and adjusting the differential evolution parameters.

In the previous code, generate_varied_guess is called for num_ones in [20, 25, 30], but perhaps adding more such initial guesses with different num_ones and patterns would help. Also, using a more systematic way to place the 1s.

Wait, the generate_varied_guess function for 'regular' pattern uses np.linspace to distribute the 1s. That's a good approach. So, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses with regular patterns could help.

Another Idea: Use a combination of regular and random initial guesses, and during the optimization, use a more efficient local method like L-BFGS-B. Also, maybe adjusting the constraints and bounds more carefully.

Another thing: The current code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and L-BFGS-B. However, maybe focusing on a single method with better parameters would be more effective. For instance, starting with differential evolution with a smaller population and fewer iterations, then refining with SLSQP.

But how to balance the time. The previous code's differential evolution runs for 200 iterations with a population size of 150. That's a lot. Maybe reducing that to 50 for the population and 100 iterations would save time.

Another point: the initial_h_values has 45 samples. However, using a higher number of samples could allow for a more precise function, but with the same time budget, it's a trade-off. The user prefers smaller n_points. But the initial_h_values is 45 samples, so maybe keeping that.

Let me think about what the previous code's output was. It achieved a C₅ of 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current record of 0.38085. So, the goal is to find a better solution.

To achieve this, perhaps the code needs to explore better initial guesses. For example, using a different initial pattern. Another idea: using a pattern where the function h has a certain periodicity. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit. But since the interval is [0,2], this could help in minimizing overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might be symmetric. So, designing h such that it's symmetric around 1.0. For example, if h(x) = h(2 - x), then shifts might have symmetric overlaps.

Another approach: using a more structured optimization, such as dividing the interval into regions and optimizing the parameters for each region. For example, if h is divided into segments where it takes certain values, then adjusting those segments to minimize the overlaps.

However, this is complex to implement and may not be feasible within the time constraints.

Another Idea: Use the fact that the maximum overlap is likely to occur for certain shifts. For example, shifts that are small (like k=0.5 or k=1). So, perhaps focusing the optimization on minimizing the overlaps for these critical shifts, rather than all shifts.

But how to model this. The current code minimizes the maximum over all k, which is a global constraint. So, trying to lower the overlaps for the worst-case shifts.

Another Idea: The problem is similar to a pursuit of a function that is as "spread out" as possible. This is similar to the concept of a function with low autocorrelation. So, perhaps the optimal h is a function with a certain autocorrelation property.

In signal processing, functions with low autocorrelation are used for spreading codes. Maybe designing h to have low autocorrelation could help. For example, using a Barker code or similar. However, these are typically for binary sequences and may not directly apply here.

But perhaps using a similar idea, arranging the 1s in the function h such that their autocorrelation is minimized. This could be done by placing the 1s in positions that are spaced to avoid overlap when shifted.

For instance, if we have n_ones 1s, then placing them at positions that are as evenly spaced as possible would minimize their autocorrelation. This would lead to lower overlaps for shifts that align with the spacing between the 1s.

So, generating initial guesses with evenly spaced 1s might be beneficial. The current generate_varied_guess function for the 'regular' pattern already does that. So, perhaps increasing the number of such initial guesses, or adjusting the number of 1s to be optimal.

For example, using 20, 25, 30, 35, etc., and checking which gives better results. However, the previous code uses 20, 25, 30. Maybe adding more possibilities could help.

Another Idea: Since the interval is [0,2], the maximum shift k can be up to 2. So, the convolution for k=2 is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+2)), but since x+2 is beyond the interval, it's adjusted by the mode. Wait, the mode is 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, for x in [0, 2], and the function h defined on [0, 2], the shift k can range such that x + k is within [0, 2] for some x. So, the maximum overlap might be for certain k values, such as k=1 or k=1/2.

But without knowing which k is worst, the code has to consider all possible shifts.

Back to the code structure. To improve the previous code:

1. Generate more initial guesses with regular patterns. For example, create initial guesses with different numbers of 1s and regular spacing.
2. Reduce the parameters of differential evolution to make it faster, but still effective.
3. Use more efficient local optimization steps, like L-BFGS-B with tight constraints.
4. Consider using a different initial seeding strategy.

Let me adjust the code accordingly. For instance, in the generate_varied_guess function, increasing the number of num_ones values tried, and ensuring that regular patterns are generated. Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters.

Another Idea: Using a heuristic to guess the optimal number of 1s. For example, if the optimal solution has a certain number of 1s, then the code can focus on that. But since we don't know this beforehand, it's hard to determine.

Another possible optimization: Since the function h is a step function, perhaps it's better to model it with a certain number of steps. But the code already allows for that by discretizing into n_points.

Let me think about the code implementation. Here's a plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with regular patterns of 1s, with different numbers of 1s (e.g., 25, 30, 35, 40).
- Run differential evolution with smaller parameters (popsize=100, maxiter=50) to save time.
- After the differential evolution, use SLSQP with more iterations to refine the solution.
- Add more local optimization steps using L-BFGS-B to further improve the solution.

But how to implement this in code without exceeding the time budget. The existing code already does some of this, but may need adjustments.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes. For example, in the generate_varied_guess function, varying the number of 1s and using regular patterns. Also, in the differential evolution, adjusting the parameters to reduce computation time.

Another important point is that the existing code uses np.random.choice for generating initial guesses. This could lead to suboptimal patterns. Replacing this with a regular pattern could help.

In the previous code, the generate_varied_guess function for 'regular' uses np.linspace, which evenly spaces the indices. This is a good way to generate initial guesses. So, increasing the number of such guesses with different numbers of 1s could help.

In addition, perhaps adding a guess where the 1s are placed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, placing them at positions that are spaced as evenly as possible. This would be the regular pattern.

So, modifying the code to generate more such regular patterns could lead to better initial guesses.

Now, adjusting the code accordingly. Let me try to outline the changes:

- Increase the number of initial guesses generated with regular patterns.
- Reduce the parameters of differential evolution to make it faster.
- Use a more efficient local optimization method after the global search.

But without knowing the exact effect, it's hard to say, but these are standard steps to improve optimization.

Another Idea: The current code uses a fixed seed, so the same initial guesses are generated each time. However, using a different seed or sampling could lead to different initial points. But in the code, the seed is fixed to 42. So, perhaps the initial guesses are not varied enough.

But the code already generates different initial guesses with varying numbers of 1s and patterns. So, perhaps that's sufficient.

Another possible improvement: using the fact that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift is such that the overlap between the two regions of h is maximized. So, for example, if there are two regions where h is 1, then the overlap is maximized when these regions are aligned with each other when shifted. So, the goal is to place these regions such that their overlap is minimized.

This suggests that the optimal h should have regions that are spaced apart by a distance that is not a multiple of their own width. For example, if there are two regions of width w and they are spaced by d, then the overlap when shifted by d would be zero. But if d is such that the regions overlap when shifted, the overlap increases.

So, the spacing between regions should be chosen to minimize the overlap. This is similar to the problem of placing objects to minimize their overlap when shifted.

This is getting a bit abstract. However, it suggests that the function h should be designed to have regions that are spaced apart in a way that when shifted by any amount, their overlap is small.

But how to translate this into a function. For instance, if the function h is composed of two regions, each with width w, spaced by distance d, then the overlap for shift k is the integral of the overlap between the first region and the shifted second region. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need to choose w and d such that this maximum is minimized.

This is similar to a covering problem, but solving it in general for the step function might be complex.

In summary, the previous code is a good starting point, and the improvements would involve:

1. Generating better initial guesses with regular patterns.
2. Optimizing the parameters of the differential evolution step.
3. Using more efficient local optimization steps.
4. Exploring more varied initial guesses.

Now, considering all this, I need to adjust the code accordingly. Let me proceed to write the code with these changes.

First, the code must import necessary modules. The current code imports numpy, scipy.optimize, and time. The initial_h_values is available as a global variable.

The run function needs to return the best solution found. The code will use the initial_h_values and generate additional initial guesses with regular patterns. Then, perform optimization using differential evolution and SLSQP.

Here's how I can modify the code:

- Generate initial guesses with regular patterns for more numbers of 1s.
- Reduce the parameters of differential evolution to save time.
- Use a more efficient local optimization after differential evolution.

Let me adjust the code accordingly. For example, replacing the initial_guesses generation to include more patterns. Also, using smaller parameters for differential evolution.

In terms of code changes:

In the previous code, the 'generate_varied_guess' is called for num_ones in [20, 25, 30]. I can expand this to include 25, 30, 35, 40, etc., to get more initial guesses.

Also, the differential evolution parameters can be adjusted to popsize=100 and maxiter=50.

Additionally, after differential evolution, the code may not need to perform the SLSQP refinement, or may need to adjust the parameters.

Another possible change: the existing code uses a loop that tries to refine the solution with L-BFGS-B, but this may take too long. Perhaps removing it or limiting the iterations.

Putting this together, here's a revised code plan:

- Generate initial guesses with more regular patterns for different numbers of 1s.
- Use differential evolution with smaller parameters.
- Perform SLSQP refinement if successful.
- Limit the time spent on each optimization step to stay within the budget.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

Another point: the current code uses a while loop to perform additional L-BFGS-B steps. This could be time-consuming. Perhaps limiting this to a few iterations.

Overall, the code will need to be adjusted for efficiency and effectiveness.

Now, coding this into Python, making sure to follow the constraints (no long literals, etc.).

Here's the code:

The code will:

- Use initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with regular spacing for various numbers of 1s.
- Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refine using SLSQP if possible.
- Limit the number of optimization steps to stay within time.

Let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_regular_guess(num_ones, spacing='even'):
        if spacing == 'even':
            indices = np.linspace(0, n_points - 1, num_ones, endpoint=False).astype(int)
            h = np.zeros(n_points)
            h[indices] = 1.0
            if np.sum(h) < target_sum:
                zeros = np.where(h == 0)[0]
                if len(zeros) > 0:
                    add = max(0, int(target_sum - np.sum(h)))
                    idxs = np.random.choice(zeros, size=add, replace=False)
                    h[idxs] = 0.5
        return h
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for num_ones in [25, 30, 35, 40]:
        initial_guesses.append(generate_regular_guess(num_ones))
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=guess,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            return result.x if result.success else None
        except:
            return None
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=100,
            maxiter=50,
            mutation=(0.8, 1.0),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-8,
            vectorized=True,
            seed=seed
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```