<think>
Okay, let's see. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.380876, and the previous program achieved 0.381195. I need to find a better solution.

First, I should understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, and the sum of h must be n_points / 2.

The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with perturbations around an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about the lessons mentioned. They suggested using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place.

What could be the issues with the previous approach? Maybe the initial guess is not good enough, or the perturbations aren't effective. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations and parallelizes with ThreadPoolExecutor. Perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses or to optimize.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe other methods like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could explore the search space better. However, with the time budget, maybe SLSQP is better for local optimization once good initial points are found.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different form. For example, since the overlap integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. But how to handle that in optimization?

Another thought: the current approach generates perturbations by adding noise to the initial guess. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can use a more structured approach to generate diverse initial points. For example, using different patterns or symmetries that might lead to better solutions.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50) and scales them to maintain the sum constraint. Maybe varying the number of perturbations or using different strategies for generating them could help. For instance, some perturbations could be based on shifting the initial guess, others could be random, etc.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the tolerance or using a different solver. However, the available solvers include CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc., but the previous code uses scipy's minimize with SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different solver could help, but I need to check if that's allowed.

Wait, the problem says that we can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with various solvers. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different solver in cvxpy could be better? But how to set that up. Alternatively, maybe using a more global optimization approach, but with the time constraints, it's tricky.

Another angle: the overlap integral is computed using numpy.correlate. Maybe there's a way to approximate or model this more efficiently. For example, considering that the maximum over k is the key, perhaps we can find a way to model the worst-case shift k.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering the function h as a binary or piecewise constant function, which might simplify the optimization. But since the problem allows for step functions (which are piecewise constant), maybe the current approach is already considering that.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values, which is a step function with n=100 samples. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps there's a better initial guess. However, the problem says to start from the current construction, which is initial_h_values.

So, perhaps the previous approach's main issue is that it's too local. Maybe using a different initial guess, like a more uniform distribution or a different pattern, could lead to better results. But the problem says to start from the current construction, so maybe we can't change that.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess with noise, maybe generate multiple different initial guesses based on variations of the initial_h_values. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into different segments and adjusting their values in a structured way.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach where we evolve populations of h functions, selecting those with lower C₅ values. However, with the time budget, this might be too slow unless optimized.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by:

1. Increasing the number of perturbations but with smarter strategies.
2. Using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters.
3. Trying different initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code uses 50 perturbations. Maybe increasing that number could help, but with 10 CPUs, parallelizing more could be feasible. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so need to balance.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing that could save time, allowing more perturbations to be tried. Or, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method with fewer iterations.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. For example, instead of maximizing the overlap integral, perhaps considering the worst-case shift and trying to minimize that. But the current code already does that.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations. So the code is trying to minimize that maximum. That's correct.

Another possible issue: the way the perturbations are generated. Adding uniform noise might not be effective. Maybe generating perturbations by flipping certain segments of the initial guess, or using a more informed approach.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. But again, the initial guess is fixed.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h function has certain symmetry properties. For example, being periodic or having a specific pattern that balances the overlaps. If we can construct such a function, it might lead to a better bound.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by adding constraints that enforce certain symmetries, but that could complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. The current code uses n_points=100. Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 200 or 50, could yield better results. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. The previous code uses n=100, which is manageable.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given with n=100. So maybe the code should stick to that. But perhaps trying with a different n could be better. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using n=50 or 100 is better.

But the user's previous code uses n=100. Let me check the initial_h_values. The initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses that. So perhaps the code should stick to that n.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which might be computationally expensive. Maybe precomputing the necessary shifts or using FFT-based convolution could speed things up, allowing more evaluations within the time budget. However, the problem states that the evaluation computes np.correlate(...), so perhaps that's already handled.

Alternatively, maybe the code can precompute all possible shifts and find the maximum, but that's what the current code does.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess, generates multiple perturbations, scales them to maintain the sum constraint, and then optimizes each perturbation using SLSQP. The best result is tracked.

The problem with this approach is that it's possible that the initial guess is near a local minimum, and the perturbations might not explore enough of the search space. To improve this, perhaps generating more diverse perturbations, or using a different method to generate them.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise, generate perturbations by modifying specific regions of the initial guess. For example, splitting the interval into segments and adjusting the values in each segment. This could lead to more structured variations.

Alternatively, using a random restart strategy where multiple different initial guesses are tried, each time optimizing. But with the time budget, this might be feasible.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient solver. The previous code uses SLSQP with scipy. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, could be better. Or, using a solver from cvxpy with a different backend.

Wait, the problem allows using cvxpy with various solvers. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem? However, the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which is a non-convex problem. So convex optimization might not be applicable here.

Alternatively, maybe approximating the problem with a convex relaxation. But that's uncertain.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead, using a more adaptive approach where the best solution found so far is used to generate new perturbations. For example, perturbing the best solution found so far and optimizing again. This could lead to a more directed search.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to select the next perturbation that is most likely to improve the result. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be complex.

Considering the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by:

- Increasing the number of perturbations, but with smarter generation.
- Using a different optimization method with better convergence.
- Trying different initial guesses, perhaps based on different patterns.

Wait, the initial guess is given as initial_h_values. Maybe there's a better initial guess available, but the problem says to start from the current construction. So perhaps the initial guess is fixed.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h function has certain properties. For example, it might be designed to have equal overlaps for all shifts. If we can find such a function, that would be ideal. However, finding such a function is non-trivial.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with specific breakpoints. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is constant, and adjusting the values of these segments to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model that in the optimization. Maybe by parameterizing the function with a set of breakpoints and values, then optimizing those parameters. However, this could complicate the optimization process.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the maximum over k, perhaps the worst-case k is when the shift aligns with the peaks of h. So, designing h to have low peaks and spread out the values could help.

Another approach: since the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number, but in the discretized case, the shifts are limited by the sample points. However, the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which computes all possible shifts. So the maximum over all possible k is considered.

Given all this, perhaps the previous approach is on the right track, but the main issue is the exploration of the search space. To improve this, maybe generating more diverse perturbations and using a more efficient optimization method.

Another possible change: instead of adding uniform noise, generate perturbations by flipping certain segments of the initial guess. For example, for each perturbation, randomly select a subset of the samples and invert their values (or adjust them in some way). This could create more varied initial points.

Alternatively, using a combination of random noise and structured perturbations. For instance, some perturbations are random, others are based on shifting the initial guess.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a h function, and the fitness is the C₅ value. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps feasible with a small population size and a few generations.

But given the time budget, perhaps the previous approach can be modified by increasing the number of perturbations and using more efficient optimization parameters.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate multiple perturbations by adding different types of noise (e.g., random, shifted, etc.).
3. For each perturbation, scale it to maintain the sum constraint.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with tighter tolerances or different solvers.
5. Use parallel processing to evaluate multiple perturbations simultaneously.
6. Track the best solution found and return it.

Additionally, to improve diversity in the perturbations, maybe generate them in different ways, such as:

- Adding random noise with varying magnitudes.
- Shifting the initial guess by a certain amount.
- Inverting parts of the initial guess.
- Using a combination of these methods.

Also, adjusting the optimization parameters, such as reducing the maximum number of iterations but increasing the tolerance, to save time.

Another possible improvement: using a different initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, maybe generating a different initial guess based on some heuristic. However, the problem states to start from the current construction, so perhaps not.

In code terms, the previous approach uses 50 perturbations. Maybe increasing that number to 100 or 200, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. Also, using different noise ranges for different perturbations.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses ThreadPoolExecutor with max_workers=10. Maybe increasing the number of workers could help, but the available CPUs are 10, so that's already maxed out.

So, the revised code could:

- Generate more perturbations with varied strategies.
- Use a different optimization method or parameters.
- Maybe use a different solver, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, if they perform better.

But how to test that? Well, the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to another method could help. However, without knowing which solver is better, it's hard to say. Alternatively, using a combination of solvers.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has certain properties that can be exploited. For example, the function h might be designed to have equal overlaps for all shifts, which would make the maximum overlap as low as possible. However, achieving this is non-trivial.

In summary, the main improvements to consider are:

- More diverse perturbations to explore the search space.
- More efficient optimization with better parameters.
- Possibly using a different solver or method.

Now, translating this into code changes. Let's think about how to modify the previous code.

First, generating more diverse perturbations. Instead of adding uniform noise, perhaps using different strategies:

- Some perturbations add random noise.
- Others shift the initial guess by a certain amount.
- Others invert parts of the initial guess.

But how to implement this. For example, for each perturbation, randomly select a subset of the samples and adjust them. Alternatively, generate perturbations by applying different transformations.

Another approach is to generate multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in different ways. For example:

- For some perturbations, add random noise with a larger magnitude.
- For others, add noise with smaller magnitude.
- For others, shift the initial guess by a certain amount (like shifting the entire function left or right).
- For others, invert the values of certain segments.

But implementing all these could be complex. Alternatively, using a combination of random noise and shifting.

Another idea: using a random permutation of the initial guess. However, that might not be effective.

Alternatively, for each perturbation, generate a random permutation of the initial guess, then scale it. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, for each perturbation, generate a random subset of the samples and set them to 0 or 1, then scale. But this could lead to poor results.

Perhaps the best way is to stick with adding noise but with more varied strategies. For example, in the previous code, the noise ranges are -0.3, -0.15, -0.05 for different perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise ranges more.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise to the initial guess, then scaling. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can generate perturbations by modifying the initial guess in a structured way, like splitting into segments and adjusting each segment's value.

But without knowing the structure of the initial guess, it's hard to say. Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess, but the problem says to start from the current one.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which allows box constraints and might converge faster.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with tighter tolerances.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000). Maybe reducing that to 500 or 1000, but with tighter tolerances, could save time and allow more perturbations to be evaluated.

In code, changing the options in the minimize function. For example:

options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 500}

But need to balance between iterations and time.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and finding the maximum. However, the current code already does that.

Putting it all together, the revised code would:

- Generate more perturbations with varied noise strategies.
- Use a different optimization method or parameters.
- Possibly use a different solver.

But since the previous code already uses SLSQP, maybe changing the noise generation to be more diverse.

So, modifying the perturbation generation part. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, generate perturbations by adding noise with different magnitudes and also applying some transformations like shifting or inverting.

But how to implement that. For example:

For each perturbation, with probability 0.5, add random noise, and with probability 0.5, shift the initial guess by a certain amount.

Alternatively, generate perturbations by adding noise with different magnitudes and also flipping some segments.

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of perturbations and vary the noise ranges more.

In the previous code, num_perturbations is 50. Maybe increasing that to 100, and varying the noise ranges more.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, generate perturbations by randomly selecting some samples and setting them to 0 or 1, then scaling. This could create more diverse initial points.

But this might not be effective. Alternatively, for each perturbation, randomly select a subset of samples and adjust their values in a way that maintains the sum constraint.

Alternatively, for each perturbation, randomly select a subset of samples and add noise to them, then scale.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, perhaps generating a different initial guess based on some heuristic. However, the problem says to start from the current construction.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Increase the number of perturbations to explore more of the search space.
2. Use different noise ranges for different perturbations to generate more diverse initial points.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for faster convergence.
4. Possibly use a different optimization method.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The previous code uses 50 perturbations. Let's increase that to 100. Also, vary the noise ranges more. For example, some perturbations add larger noise, some smaller, and some might even invert parts of the initial guess.

But how to implement that. For example:

for i in range(num_perturbations):
    if i < 20:
        # Larger noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.4, 0.4, n_points)
    elif i < 60:
        # Moderate noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
    else:
        # Small noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
    perturbed = initial_guess + noise
    ... 

This would generate more varied perturbations.

Additionally, maybe adding some perturbations that are shifted versions of the initial guess. For example, shifting the initial guess by a certain amount and then scaling.

But how to do that. For example, for some perturbations, create a shifted version by taking initial_guess and shifting it by a certain delta, then scaling.

But this might not be necessary if the noise already covers that.

Another idea: for some perturbations, invert the initial guess (h -> 1 - h), then scale. However, this would change the sum, so need to scale accordingly.

But this could be another strategy for generating perturbations.

In code, for some perturbations:

perturbed = 1.0 - initial_guess
current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
scale = target_sum / current_sum
perturbed = perturbed * scale
perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)

This would create a perturbation that is the inverse of the initial guess, scaled to meet the sum constraint.

Adding such perturbations could help explore different regions of the search space.

So, modifying the perturbation generation to include both noise-based and inverse-based perturbations.

In code, perhaps:

perturbations = []
for i in range(num_perturbations):
    if i % 3 == 0:
        # Inverse perturbation
        perturbed = 1.0 - initial_guess
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
    else:
        # Noise-based perturbation
        if i < 20:
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.4, 0.4, n_points)
        elif i < 60:
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
        else:
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
    perturbations.append(perturbed)

This way, every third perturbation is an inverse of the initial guess, and others are noise-based with varying magnitudes.

This could lead to more diverse initial points.

Additionally, adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, reducing the maxiter to 500 and increasing ftol to 1e-8, to save time.

In the minimize call:

result = minimize(
    objective,
    perturbed,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=cons,
    options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 500}
)

This would allow more perturbations to be evaluated within the time budget.

Another possible improvement: using a different solver. For example, using 'COBYLA' instead of 'SLSQP'. However, COBYLA might not handle the constraints as well. Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

But since the problem has equality constraints, 'SLSQP' is appropriate. So maybe stick with that.

Putting all these changes together, the revised code would generate more diverse perturbations, use different optimization parameters, and possibly include inverse-based perturbations.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses ThreadPoolExecutor with max_workers=10. With more perturbations, this could be a bottleneck. However, with 10 CPUs, it's already maxed out. So increasing the number of perturbations may not be feasible without increasing the time.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations to 100 and adjusting the noise ranges could help.

Another possible optimization: precomputing the objective function for all perturbations before starting the optimization. However, this is already handled by the code.

In summary, the revised code would:

- Generate more diverse perturbations, including inverse-based ones.
- Use different noise ranges for different perturbations.
- Adjust optimization parameters for faster convergence.
- Use the same optimization method but with better parameters.

Now, translating this into code.

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate 100 perturbations, some being inverse-based and others noise-based.
- For each perturbation, scale to maintain the sum constraint.
- Optimize each perturbation with SLSQP, using adjusted parameters.
- Track the best solution found.

This should lead to a better exploration of the search space and potentially a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time
from concurrent.futures import ThreadPoolExecutor

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple perturbations with varied strategies
    num_perturbations = 100  # Increased number of perturbations for better exploration
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Define objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Define constraints
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
    
    # Function to perform optimization on a single perturbation
    def optimize_perturbation(perturbed):
        # Scale to maintain sum constraint
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        return result
    
    # Generate perturbations with varied strategies
    perturbations = []
    for i in range(num_perturbations):
        if i % 3 == 0:
            # Inverse perturbation
            perturbed = 1.0 - initial_guess
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        else:
            # Noise-based perturbation
            if i < 20:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.4, 0.4, n_points)
            elif i < 60:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
            else:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + noise
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        perturbations.append(perturbed)
    
    # Use ThreadPoolExecutor to parallelize optimizations
    with ThreadPoolExecutor(max_workers=10) as executor:
        futures = [executor.submit(optimize_perturbation, p) for p in perturbations]
        for future in futures:
            result = future.result()
            if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
                best_c5 = result.fun
                best_h = result.x
            
            # Check elapsed time
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```