<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with perturbations from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral C₅ is minimized. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. 

The previous code uses a perturbation approach, generating multiple initial guesses by adding noise to the initial_h_values and then optimizing each with SLSQP. However, maybe this approach isn't exploring the search space effectively. Perhaps we need a different strategy for generating initial guesses or a different optimization method.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts: using SLSQP with equality constraints is recommended. The previous code already does that. So maybe that's not the issue. What else could be done?

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, maybe start from different initial configurations. For example, using a more optimal initial guess could lead to better results. But the initial_h_values provided might not be the best. However, the user says to start from the current construction, which is initial_h_values. So perhaps we need to improve upon that.

Alternatively, maybe the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. Using a different optimization method or adding more diversity in the initial perturbations could help. Also, the previous code uses ThreadPoolExecutor with 10 workers, which is good for parallelism. But maybe the number of perturbations is too low. The code uses 50 perturbations, but maybe increasing that would help, but within the time budget.

Wait, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code's approach might be too slow. Let me think about the computational steps. Each optimization run with SLSQP can be time-consuming, especially with 50 perturbations. Maybe we can find a way to reduce the number of evaluations or use a more efficient optimization method.

Another approach: instead of using SLSQP, maybe use a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization. These methods are population-based and can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, the user mentioned that they can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy, etc. But cvxpy might not be suitable for non-convex problems like this. The problem is non-convex because the objective function involves max over k of an integral, which complicates things.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a different parameterization. For example, instead of representing h as a step function with samples, maybe use a different structure, like dividing the interval into segments where h is 0 or 1. But the problem states that h is a step function, so maybe it's already in that form.

Wait, the problem says to represent h as n_points samples over [0, 2]. So it's a piecewise constant function. The previous code uses SLSQP to optimize the samples. But maybe the optimization is too slow. Let's think about how to make the optimization faster.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, perhaps we can approximate this maximum by considering a finite set of k values. For example, instead of considering all possible k, sample k values that are likely to be critical. However, the original code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the convolution for all possible shifts. But maybe we can limit the k values considered. However, the problem requires the maximum over all k, so this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different approach to model the problem. For example, since the integral is over x, and the function is periodic or has some symmetry, perhaps we can exploit that. But I'm not sure.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50) with varying noise. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can generate initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, using a more structured initial guess that has lower overlap. For instance, a function that is 1 on intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlap. But how to construct that?

Alternatively, maybe use a greedy approach: start with the initial guess and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. So perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems is challenging. The previous code uses a local optimization approach, which might not find the global minimum.

Another idea: use a different optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search. However, implementing that from scratch might be time-consuming, and the user's code has to be self-contained.

Alternatively, maybe use a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help escape local minima. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with parallelization, it could be feasible.

But the user's code already uses parallelization with ThreadPoolExecutor. Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The number of perturbations is 50, and each is optimized with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe reduce the number of iterations in the optimization. The previous code uses maxiter=1000, which might be too much. Perhaps reducing that would speed up the process and allow more perturbations to be evaluated.

Another thing to consider: the initial guess is important. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better initial guess. However, the user says to start from the current construction, which is initial_h_values. So perhaps we need to improve upon that.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, but maybe they are not optimal. However, the user says to start from that. So perhaps the problem is that the previous approach isn't exploring enough variations.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns. For example, some with more 0s and 1s, others with varying widths. But how to generate those?

Alternatively, use a different initial guess construction. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, if we have two intervals where h is 1, spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much. But with n_points=100, it's a bit more complex.

Alternatively, perhaps use a more sophisticated initial guess based on known optimal configurations for similar problems. But without prior knowledge, this might be difficult.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given h is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing this over k is equivalent to minimizing the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the problem reduces to finding h that minimizes the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. 

This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and itself. So perhaps the problem is related to finding a function h with low autocorrelation. 

In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are used to minimize interference. Maybe we can use known techniques from that field. For example, using a Barker code or other sequences with low autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific properties. 

But since our function is over [0,2], perhaps we can model it as a binary sequence (step function) with certain properties. For example, if we can find a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, that would be ideal. However, for continuous functions, it's more complex.

Alternatively, perhaps use a random binary sequence with certain properties. But how to ensure the integral is 1? For example, if the sequence has 50% 1s and 50% 0s, then the integral would be 1. 

But the previous code uses a step function with samples, so maybe the initial guess is a binary sequence. However, the initial_h_values might not be optimal. 

Another approach: use a genetic algorithm. Each individual is a binary sequence (or a step function), and we evolve them to minimize the maximum overlap. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but perhaps manageable.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach can be modified. Let's think about the previous code's limitations. It uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations are not sufficient to explore the search space. 

What if we use a different method for generating initial guesses? For example, instead of adding noise, generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns. For example, some with more 1s clustered, others spread out. 

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a bounded optimization method. Or maybe use a different solver in scipy.optimize.minimize.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering a subset of k values. For example, instead of considering all possible k, sample a few critical k values. This would reduce the computational burden. However, the original code uses numpy.correlate, which computes all possible k. 

But if we can approximate the maximum by evaluating only a few k values, then the objective function becomes simpler, and the optimization can be faster. However, this might not find the true maximum, leading to suboptimal results. 

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific k values, such as k=0.5, 1.0, etc. So we can evaluate the overlap integral for those specific k values and minimize the maximum among them. This would reduce the problem to a simpler optimization. 

But how to determine which k values are critical? Maybe the maximum occurs when k is such that the shifted function overlaps with the original as much as possible. For example, when k is such that the shift causes the maximum overlap. 

Alternatively, since the function is over [0,2], the possible k values that matter are those that cause the shifted function to overlap with the original. For example, k in [0, 2], but when shifted, the overlap region is where x and x +k are both in [0,2]. So for k in [0, 2], the overlap region is x in [0, 2 -k]. 

But this seems complicated. 

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of that is the C₅ value. However, computing this for every possible k is computationally intensive. 

But perhaps we can approximate the maximum by evaluating the correlation at a subset of k values. For example, if we sample k at regular intervals, say every 0.1, then compute the correlation for those k values and take the maximum. This would reduce the number of evaluations needed. 

But how to choose the k values? Maybe the maximum occurs at certain critical points. For example, when k is such that the shifted function aligns with the original in a way that maximizes overlap. 

Alternatively, since the function is periodic? No, the function is over [0,2], but the shift can be any real number. 

This seems too vague. Let's think about the previous code's approach again. It uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe the problem is that the perturbations are not sufficient. What if we use a different strategy for generating initial guesses, such as using a more structured approach?

Another idea: instead of adding random noise, generate initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, some initial guesses could be based on dividing the interval into equal parts, others with varying widths. 

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. But this might not be as effective as SLSQP. 

Alternatively, use a combination of methods. For example, first perform a global search with a random perturbation approach, then refine with SLSQP. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess generation strategy and/or optimization parameters. 

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The number of perturbations is 50, and each is optimized with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations would help, but within the time budget. However, the code already uses 50, which might be sufficient. 

Another thing: the initial guess is fixed as initial_h_values. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses based on different starting points could help. For example, using different initial configurations, like varying the number of 1s and 0s, or different spacing. 

Alternatively, use a different initial guess construction. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart to minimize overlap. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced apart by 1.0, then shifting by 1.0 would cause the overlap to be minimal. But how to translate this into a step function with n_points samples?

But the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. 

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number would allow more perturbations to be evaluated within the time budget. For example, setting maxiter=500 or lower. 

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method instead of 'SLSQP'. However, the constraints are equality constraints, so maybe 'L-BFGS-B' can handle them. 

Wait, the 'L-BFGS-B' method allows bounds on the variables but doesn't handle equality constraints directly. So the previous approach of using SLSQP with equality constraints is necessary. 

Another idea: use a different way to handle the sum constraint. Instead of scaling the perturbed guess to meet the sum constraint, maybe include the constraint in the optimization. But that's already what the previous code does. 

Hmm. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. Let me think about the initial_h_values. If the initial guess is a step function that already has a C₅ value of around 0.381, then perturbing it might not lead to significant improvements. 

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Maybe there's a better initial guess that can be constructed. For example, using a more optimal pattern. 

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. 

Another approach: instead of using a fixed initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns. For example, some with more 1s in the first half, others in the second half, etc. 

But how to generate these? Maybe by randomly shuffling the initial guess or applying different transformations. 

Alternatively, use a different initial guess construction. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart. For example, if n_points is 100, then each interval is 0.02 in length. But this is just a guess. 

Alternatively, use a function that is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place intervals to minimize overlap. 

But implementing such a construction would require more code. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess generation strategy and/or optimization parameters. 

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code uses 50 perturbations, each with different noise levels. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help, but within the time budget. However, the code already uses 50. 

Another idea: instead of using random noise, generate initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, some initial guesses could be based on dividing the interval into equal parts, others with varying widths. 

Alternatively, use a different method to generate initial guesses. For example, using a binary sequence with certain properties. 

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to proceed. 

Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. For example, using a more efficient optimization method or reducing the number of iterations. 

Let me think about the previous code's optimization parameters. The maxiter is set to 1000, which might be too high. Reducing this to 500 or even 200 could allow more perturbations to be evaluated within the time budget. 

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe using a different strategy, like generating perturbations based on different patterns, could help. 

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, generate initial guesses by flipping some of the samples. For example, randomly flipping a percentage of the samples to 0 or 1. This could create different configurations that might lead to better results. 

Alternatively, use a combination of noise addition and flipping. 

But how to implement this? 

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. Perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize multiple overlap integrals simultaneously. However, this is complex. 

Alternatively, use a heuristic to adjust the function. For example, iteratively find the k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust the function to reduce that overlap. 

But this would require an iterative approach, which might be time-consuming. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different initial guess generation strategy, reduce the number of iterations in the optimization, and possibly use a different optimization method. 

So, here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate multiple initial guesses by applying different transformations, such as flipping some samples, adding noise with different scales, or creating structured patterns.
3. For each initial guess, perform optimization with SLSQP but reduce the maxiter to save time.
4. Use parallelization to evaluate multiple initial guesses simultaneously.
5. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Additionally, perhaps use a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of adding noise, generate initial guesses with different patterns, such as alternating 1s and 0s, or clusters of 1s separated by 0s.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal function has certain symmetry properties. For example, being symmetric around 1.0. So, generating initial guesses that are symmetric could help.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. 

In conclusion, the previous code's approach is a good starting point, but to improve it, we can:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Reduce the number of optimization iterations.
- Use different optimization methods if possible.
- Explore different initial guess constructions.

Now, translating this into code. Let's think about modifying the previous code.

First, the initial_guess is initial_h_values. We can generate more initial guesses by applying different transformations. For example:

- Randomly flipping some samples.
- Adding noise with different scales.
- Creating structured patterns like alternating 1s and 0s.

But how to implement this? Let's think about generating initial guesses:

For example, for each perturbation, we can:

- Take the initial guess and randomly flip a percentage of the samples.
- Or add noise with varying scales.
- Or create a structured pattern, like dividing the interval into segments.

But for simplicity, perhaps generate more initial guesses by adding noise with different scales and also some structured patterns.

Another idea: use a different initial guess for each perturbation. For example, some initial guesses are the original, some are flipped, some are with added noise.

Alternatively, use a combination of noise addition and flipping.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more initial guesses with different noise scales and reduce the maxiter.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Increase the number of perturbations to 100.
- Reduce the maxiter to 500.
- Use different noise scales for different perturbations.
- Use parallelization with ThreadPoolExecutor.

Additionally, perhaps use a different optimization method, but SLSQP is already used.

Another thing: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with equality constraints. Maybe using a different solver, like 'COBYLA', which handles bounds and equality constraints. Let me check scipy's optimize.minimize methods. COBYLA can handle bounds and equality constraints. Maybe it's more efficient.

So, changing the optimization method to 'COBYLA' might help.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbations are generated by adding noise to the initial guess. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses could help. For example, creating initial guesses where the function is 1 on certain intervals.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to proceed. 

In conclusion, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied noise scales.
- Use a different optimization method (COBYLA).
- Reduce the number of iterations.
- Use parallelization.

Let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time
from concurrent.futures import ThreadPoolExecutor

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple perturbations with varied strategies
    num_perturbations = 100  # Increased number of perturbations for better exploration
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Define objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Define constraints
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
    
    # Function to perform optimization on a single perturbation
    def optimize_perturbation(perturbed):
        # Scale to maintain sum constraint
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        
        # Perform optimization with COBYLA
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'disp': False}
        )
        return result
    
    # Generate perturbations with varied strategies
    perturbations = []
    for i in range(num_perturbations):
        if i < 20:
            # Larger noise for early perturbations
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
        elif i < 60:
            # Moderate noise for middle perturbations
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
        else:
            # Smaller noise for later perturbations
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
        
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbations.append(perturbed)
    
    # Use ThreadPoolExecutor to parallelize optimizations
    with ThreadPoolExecutor(max_workers=10) as executor:
        futures = [executor.submit(optimize_perturbation, p) for p in perturbations]
        for future in futures:
            result = future.result()
            if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
                best_c5 = result.fun
                best_h = result.x
            
            # Check elapsed time
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```