<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the maximum overlap integral using a step function h. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with perturbations, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The existing code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. But perhaps the initial guess is too close to the previous solution, leading to local optima. The user also suggested exploring other starting points to avoid getting stuck.

So, the previous approach starts with initial_h_values (n=100 samples) and applies perturbations. But maybe starting from different initial configurations could lead to better results. Also, the number of perturbations and their strategies might need adjustment. For example, maybe using more diverse perturbations or different noise scales.

Another thought: the current code uses ThreadPoolExecutor with 10 workers. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, maybe the number of perturbations is too high, leading to longer execution times. Perhaps reducing the number of perturbations but using more effective strategies could help.

Also, the objective function computes the maximum correlation, which is the integral over all shifts. Maybe there's a way to approximate or focus on the most critical shifts. But how?

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, maybe generate multiple initial guesses with different patterns. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic function or a specific pattern that's known to perform well. However, the user mentioned that initial_h_values is provided, so maybe we can use that as a base but vary it more effectively.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. If we can find a way to improve upon that, maybe by using a different initial guess, but the user says to start from the current construction. So perhaps the initial guess is already a good starting point, but the optimization process could be improved.

Looking at the previous code's optimization: it uses a fixed number of perturbations (50) with varying noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations isn't helpful if the time budget is tight. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters like ftol or maxiter could help.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The current approach uses a local optimization method (SLSQP) on perturbations. Maybe a global optimization approach would be better, but given the time constraints, that might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a different parameterization of h could help. For example, instead of treating h as a continuous variable, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments, but that might complicate things.

Wait, the problem allows for n_points up to 1k, but smaller is better. The previous code uses n=100. Maybe using a higher n_points could lead to better results, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe sticking with n=100 is better.

Another observation: the current code clips the perturbed values to [0,1], which is correct. But maybe the scaling factor when applying noise could be adjusted. For example, ensuring that the sum constraint is maintained more precisely.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems. But perhaps using a different solver, like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients, could be better for some cases. Or maybe using a combination of methods.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.381195, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a better solution. How can we improve the optimization process?

Perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial perturbations. The current code uses noise with varying scales, but maybe there's a smarter way to generate perturbations. For example, using different patterns like shifting the initial guess, inverting parts of it, or applying specific transformations.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise, maybe use a genetic algorithm approach, where we evolve better solutions through mutation and crossover. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, especially with the need for parallelization.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search for better perturbations. But again, integrating that within the existing code might be complex.

Wait, the previous code uses multiple perturbations and parallelizes the optimization. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help, but with the time budget, it's a trade-off. Let me check the time. The budget is 100 seconds. If each perturbation takes about 1 second, then 50 perturbations would take 50 seconds, leaving time for more iterations. But perhaps the current code is already doing that.

Another thought: the evaluation of the objective function (the max correlation) is computationally expensive. Maybe approximating it or focusing on the most critical shifts could help. However, the problem requires the exact maximum over all shifts, so approximation might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe the current code's objective function is not being optimized effectively. For example, the SLSQP method might be getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can escape local minima. However, Nelder-Mead might be slower.

Wait, the user's previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=1000). Maybe reducing the maxiter could speed up the process, allowing more perturbations to be evaluated within the time budget. Or perhaps increasing the ftol to allow for faster convergence.

Another angle: the initial guess might be too similar to the previous solution. If we can generate multiple different initial guesses, perhaps by applying different transformations, we might find better solutions. For example, creating initial guesses by shifting the original function, inverting parts of it, or applying a different pattern.

For instance, the initial_h_values could be a specific pattern. If we can create variations of that pattern, like a shifted version or a mirrored version, we might explore different regions of the search space.

Additionally, the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of generating random perturbations, we can use a more systematic approach. For example, creating perturbations that target specific areas where the overlap integral is high. But without knowing where those areas are, this is speculative.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to balance the overlaps across different shifts. However, this might complicate the optimization process.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of treating h as a vector of values, perhaps using a Fourier series or another basis to represent h, which could allow for more efficient optimization. However, this would require significant changes to the code and might not fit within the time budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method by improving the perturbation strategies and optimization parameters. For example:

1. Increase the number of perturbations but reduce the noise scale for later perturbations to explore more finely.
2. Use a different optimization method or adjust the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.
3. Generate more structured initial perturbations, such as shifted or mirrored versions of the initial guess.
4. Use a more efficient way to maintain the sum constraint during perturbations.

Let me think about how to implement these ideas. For example, generating structured perturbations:

- Create a perturbation by shifting the initial guess. For example, shifting the function to the left or right.
- Create a perturbation by inverting certain segments of the initial guess.
- Create a perturbation by applying a different pattern, like a periodic function with a different phase.

But how to implement this? Maybe for some perturbations, instead of adding random noise, apply specific transformations. For example, for some perturbations, shift the initial guess by a certain amount, then scale to maintain the sum.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, being periodic or having a specific structure. If we can enforce such properties during the optimization, it might lead to better results. However, enforcing symmetry would add constraints to the optimization problem, which might complicate things.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The user mentioned that initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, using a different construction that's known to perform well for similar problems.

But since the user says to start from the current construction, perhaps we should focus on improving the optimization process around that initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50) with varying noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better exploration, but with the time budget, we need to balance. For example, using 100 perturbations with smaller noise scales.

Alternatively, using a combination of random perturbations and structured ones. For example, 50 random perturbations and 50 structured ones (like shifted versions).

But how to implement structured perturbations? For example, shifting the initial guess by a certain amount. Let's say, for some perturbations, we take the initial guess, shift it by a small delta, then scale to maintain the sum. This could explore different regions of the search space.

Another optimization parameter: the ftol in SLSQP. The current code uses 1e-9, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing this to 1e-6 could allow faster convergence, freeing up time for more perturbations.

Also, the maxiter is set to 1000, which might be too high. Reducing it to 500 or 100 could speed up the optimization, allowing more perturbations to be evaluated.

Putting this all together, the plan is:

- Generate a mix of random and structured perturbations to explore the search space more effectively.
- Adjust the optimization parameters (ftol, maxiter) to balance between accuracy and speed.
- Use more perturbations but with smaller noise scales to explore finer details.
- Ensure that the sum constraint is maintained precisely during perturbations.

Now, translating this into code changes. The previous code uses random noise for perturbations. Let's modify the perturbation generation to include some structured variations. For example, for some perturbations, shift the initial guess by a certain amount. However, shifting might not be straightforward since the function is defined over [0,2]. Alternatively, create a perturbation by inverting certain segments.

Alternatively, create perturbations by applying different patterns. For example, for some perturbations, create a version where the initial guess is split into two parts, and one part is inverted. But this requires more complex code.

Alternatively, for some perturbations, apply a small shift to the initial guess. For example, take the initial guess, shift it by a small delta (like 0.1), then wrap around the [0,2] interval, then scale to maintain the sum. This could create a new perturbation that's slightly different from the original.

But how to implement this? For example, for a given perturbation, create a shifted version by taking h[i] = initial_guess[(i + shift) % n_points], then scale to maintain the sum. This would create a shifted version of the initial guess.

This could be a structured perturbation that explores different shifts of the initial guess. Adding such perturbations to the list of perturbations could help find better solutions.

Another idea: use a combination of random noise and structured shifts. For example, for some perturbations, apply random noise, for others, apply a shift. This would diversify the initial guesses more effectively.

In terms of code, modifying the perturbation generation part. For example, in the loop where perturbations are generated, for some indices, apply random noise, for others, apply a shift.

But how to implement this? Let's think. For each perturbation, we can generate it in different ways. For example:

- For some perturbations, add random noise.
- For others, shift the initial guess by a certain amount.
- For others, invert parts of the initial guess.

But this requires more code. However, given the time constraints, perhaps adding a few structured perturbations could help.

Another optimization: the current code uses ThreadPoolExecutor with 10 workers. If the number of perturbations is high, this could be efficient. However, if the number of perturbations is too high, it might exceed the time budget. So, perhaps reducing the number of perturbations but using more effective ones.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the optimization. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a perturbed version of the initial guess, and we evolve them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps feasible.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

1. Generating more structured perturbations (shifted versions of the initial guess).
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters (ftol, maxiter) to allow faster convergence.
3. Using a combination of random and structured perturbations.

Let me outline the code changes:

- In the perturbation generation loop, add some structured perturbations. For example, for some perturbations, create a shifted version of the initial guess.
- Adjust the ftol and maxiter in the minimize function.
- Maybe reduce the number of perturbations but use more effective ones.

For example, in the code:

Original perturbation generation:

for i in range(num_perturbations):
    if i < 10:
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
    elif i < 30:
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
    else:
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
    perturbed = initial_guess + noise
    ...

Modified to include some structured perturbations. For example, for some i, create a shifted version:

for i in range(num_perturbations):
    if i < 10:
        # Random noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
    elif i < 20:
        # Shifted version
        shift = np.random.uniform(0, 2)
        shifted = np.roll(initial_guess, int(shift / dx))
        perturbed = shifted
    else:
        # Random noise with smaller scale
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
    ...

But need to ensure that the sum is maintained. However, shifting doesn't change the sum, so scaling is not needed. Wait, shifting (rolling) the array doesn't change the sum. So, after shifting, we can scale to maintain the target_sum? No, because the initial_guess already has sum equal to target_sum. Shifting it would keep the sum the same. Therefore, no need to scale. But when adding noise, we need to scale.

Wait, in the original code, after adding noise, they scale to maintain the sum. But for the shifted version, since the sum remains the same, no scaling is needed. So, for the shifted perturbations, we can directly use the shifted array, then clip to [0,1], and proceed.

But this requires that the shifted array doesn't go out of bounds. However, since the initial guess is in [0,1], shifting it would still keep values in [0,1], assuming the shift is an integer number of dx steps. Wait, no. If the shift is a fractional value, then rolling by that amount would wrap around, but the values would still be between 0 and 1. For example, if the initial guess is a step function, shifting it would just move the steps, but the values themselves are still between 0 and 1.

Therefore, for the shifted perturbations, we can generate them by rolling the initial_guess by a certain number of steps, then clip to [0,1], and proceed. However, the sum would remain the same as the initial_guess, so no scaling is needed. This could be a more effective perturbation than random noise.

This approach could generate perturbations that are shifted versions of the initial guess, which might explore different regions of the search space more effectively.

Another idea: for some perturbations, invert parts of the initial guess. For example, take the initial guess and flip certain segments. But this requires more complex code.

Incorporating these changes into the code would require modifying the perturbation generation loop. Additionally, adjusting the optimization parameters to allow faster convergence.

Another optimization: reducing the maxiter in the minimize function. For example, setting maxiter=500 instead of 1000. This would save time, allowing more perturbations to be evaluated within the budget.

Also, adjusting the ftol to a higher value, like 1e-6, to allow faster convergence.

Putting it all together, the revised code would generate a mix of random noise perturbations and shifted versions of the initial guess. This should explore the search space more effectively. Additionally, adjusting the optimization parameters to balance speed and accuracy.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's outline the steps:

1. Generate perturbations with a mix of random noise and shifted versions.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (ftol and maxiter).
3. Ensure that the sum constraint is maintained during perturbations (for random noise, scale; for shifted versions, no scaling needed).
4. Use ThreadPoolExecutor to parallelize the optimizations.

Testing this approach, it's possible that the shifted perturbations could lead to better solutions by exploring different configurations that the random noise might not reach as effectively.

Another consideration: the initial guess might have certain patterns that are optimal, and shifting it could reveal better configurations. For example, if the initial guess has a certain periodicity, shifting it could lead to a better overlap distribution.

In conclusion, the revised code would incorporate structured perturbations (shifted versions) along with random noise, adjust optimization parameters, and use parallel processing to explore the search space more effectively.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time
from concurrent.futures import ThreadPoolExecutor

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple perturbations with varied strategies
    num_perturbations = 50  # Increased number of perturbations for better exploration
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Define objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Define constraints
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
    
    # Function to perform optimization on a single perturbation
    def optimize_perturbation(perturbed):
        # Scale to maintain sum constraint
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-6, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        return result
    
    # Generate perturbations with varied strategies
    perturbations = []
    for i in range(num_perturbations):
        if i < 10:
            # Larger noise for early perturbations
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
        elif i < 20:
            # Shifted versions of initial guess
            shift_steps = np.random.randint(0, n_points)
            shifted = np.roll(initial_guess, shift_steps)
            perturbed = shifted
        elif i < 30:
            # Moderate noise for middle perturbations
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
        else:
            # Smaller noise for later perturbations
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
        
        perturbed = initial_guess + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        perturbations.append(perturbed)
    
    # Use ThreadPoolExecutor to parallelize optimizations
    with ThreadPoolExecutor(max_workers=10) as executor:
        futures = [executor.submit(optimize_perturbation, p) for p in perturbations]
        for future in futures:
            result = future.result()
            if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
                best_c5 = result.fun
                best_h = result.x
            
            # Check elapsed time
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```