<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with multiple perturbations of the initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is computed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we take the maximum over all k. The lower this maximum, the better.

The previous approach uses a fixed number of samples (n_points) and tries different initial guesses, then optimizes each with SLSQP. But maybe there are ways to improve this. Let's think about the lessons from earlier attempts.

The observed helpful lessons include using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the previous code already does. So that's already in place. But maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps starting from other points could help avoid local optima.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters. For example, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50) and a fixed number of iterations (2000). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using a different strategy for generating them could help. Also, maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization, could explore the search space better. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. If the problem is non-convex, it might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for many evaluations. But since the budget is 100 seconds and with 10 CPUs, maybe parallelizing the evaluations could help. However, the code as written is single-threaded.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. This is a minimax problem. Maybe using a different formulation, such as converting it into a convex optimization problem. But I'm not sure how to do that directly. Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach that handles the max function better.

Wait, the current code uses a perturbation approach where it starts from the initial guess and adds random noise, then scales to meet the integral constraint. Maybe instead of random perturbations, we could use a more structured approach, like varying the positions of the steps in the function h. For example, if h is a step function with certain intervals set to 1 or 0, maybe optimizing the positions and widths of these steps could lead to better results.

But since the problem allows h to be any step function (as long as it's represented by samples), perhaps the key is to find a good initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate better initial guesses. For instance, using a more informed initialization based on known optimal configurations or patterns.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry properties. For example, maybe it's periodic or has a specific structure that reduces the maximum overlap. If we can enforce such structures during optimization, it might lead to better results.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by adding constraints or using a parameterization that enforces symmetry. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. The current code minimizes the maximum overlap integral. But perhaps during optimization, we can use a different approach, such as iteratively adjusting h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, using a gradient descent approach where we compute the gradient of the maximum overlap with respect to h and adjust h accordingly. However, the maximum function is non-differentiable, which complicates things.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (100 samples). Maybe using a different number of samples could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50 or 100) might be faster, but the previous code uses n_points=100. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps trying different n_points could help. But the initial_h_values is for n=100, so maybe sticking to that is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, and the user says to start from that. So maybe the previous code is already using that. But perhaps the initial guess is not optimal, and we need to find a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple perturbations, but maybe it's better to use a more systematic way of generating initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a more intelligent random search that focuses on regions where the overlap is lower.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming, especially within the 100-second budget.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a dual approach. For example, for each possible shift k, we can model the overlap integral and try to find h that minimizes the worst-case scenario. However, this seems similar to the original problem.

Let me think about the previous code's limitations. The code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, the previous code already has a tight ftol of 1e-10 and maxiter of 2000. Maybe that's sufficient.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients, but that might be slower. Or using a different solver like IPOPT, but the available solvers in scipy are limited.

Another angle: the current code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is computed over all shifts. But maybe there's a way to approximate this maximum more efficiently, or to focus the optimization on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, instead of computing the full cross-correlation, we could compute it for a subset of shifts that are likely to be critical. But I'm not sure how to determine which shifts those are.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k can range from -2 to 2. However, the cross-correlation in numpy's correlate function with mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, like k=1 or k=0.5. If we can focus the optimization on those shifts, perhaps we can get better results.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? Maybe during the optimization process, we can track which shifts contribute the most to the maximum and adjust h accordingly.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem by using some approximation. For example, if we can find a way to bound the maximum overlap integral, but I'm not sure how.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (50), but maybe increasing that number would allow for more exploration of the search space. However, the previous code already uses 50, which might be sufficient.

Wait, the previous code's initial guess is given as initial_h_values, which is for n=100. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results. However, with larger n_points, the optimization becomes more computationally expensive. The budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps using a larger n_points is not feasible. The previous code uses n=100, which is manageable.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random perturbations, maybe use a more informed approach to generate initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial guess and then applying some transformations that are likely to improve the overlap. For instance, swapping certain intervals between 0 and 1, or adjusting the positions of steps to reduce overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach where we evolve populations of h functions, selecting those with lower C5 values. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps feasible.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let's think about possible changes to the existing code.

First, the previous code uses multiple perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations could help explore more of the search space. However, the code already uses 50 perturbations. Alternatively, maybe using different types of perturbations, such as varying the number of steps or their positions.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (2000) for each optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of perturbations could lead to better results. However, this is a trade-off between exploration and exploitation.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. However, this might be slower than SLSQP.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the same n_points for all perturbations. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, starting with a smaller n_points (like 50) and then increasing it. But the initial_h_values is for n=100, so maybe it's better to stick with that.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps trying with n_points=50 or 100. The initial code uses n=100, which is acceptable.

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all perturbations, but maybe varying the initial guesses more effectively. For example, using a combination of random perturbations and some structured perturbations based on known patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts that are most critical and focusing on those. But I'm not sure how to implement that.

Another possible change: adjusting the noise parameters in the perturbations. The previous code uses larger noise for early perturbations and smaller for later ones. Maybe using a different noise distribution, such as a Cauchy distribution, which allows for larger jumps but might be less stable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to scale the perturbed guesses. For example, instead of scaling to meet the sum constraint, maybe using a different method to ensure the integral is maintained.

Wait, the current code scales the perturbed guess by target_sum / current_sum. That's correct because the sum of h must be target_sum. So that part is okay.

Another idea: maybe using a different objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a weighted sum of overlaps for different shifts. However, this would require knowing which shifts are more important, which is not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum overlap plus a penalty for violating the integral constraint. But the current code already enforces the integral constraint via an equality constraint, so that's handled.

Hmm. Maybe the main issue is that the previous code is not exploring enough different initial guesses. For example, using more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. The current code uses 50 perturbations, but perhaps increasing that number or using a different method to generate initial guesses could help.

Another approach: instead of random perturbations, use a grid search over certain parameters. For example, if h is a step function with certain intervals, we could parameterize the positions and widths of these steps and optimize them. However, this would require a different parameterization of h, which might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances or different settings. The previous code uses ftol=1e-10 and maxiter=2000. Maybe reducing the ftol or increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the objective function for each perturbation and keeps the best result. Maybe using a more sophisticated way to evaluate and compare different perturbations, such as using a population-based approach or Bayesian optimization.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing approach. Let me think about possible changes to the code.

First, the previous code uses 50 perturbations. Maybe increasing this number to 100 or more could help. However, with 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the evaluations could speed things up. But the code as written is single-threaded. However, the user says that the function is called with NO arguments, so the code must run in a single process. Therefore, parallelization is not possible here.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration based on known patterns or by using a different method to generate it.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate the initial guess. For example, instead of random uniform samples, using a more structured approach, like placing steps at certain positions to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative. However, given that the current code's initial guess is provided, perhaps it's better to stick with it and improve the optimization process.

Another possible change: adjusting the noise parameters. For example, using a smaller noise for early perturbations and larger for later ones. Or using a different noise distribution. For example, instead of uniform noise, using a normal distribution with a certain standard deviation.

Alternatively, maybe using a different method for generating the initial guesses. For example, using a combination of random perturbations and some deterministic transformations of the initial guess.

Another thought: the current code uses the same n_points for all perturbations. Maybe trying with different n_points could lead to better results. For example, starting with a smaller n_points and then increasing it. However, the initial_h_values is for n=100, so perhaps it's better to stick with that.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum overlap. However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, instead of computing the full cross-correlation, compute it for a subset of shifts that are likely to be critical. However, this would require some domain knowledge.

In summary, the main ideas to consider are:

1. Increasing the number of perturbations to explore more of the search space.
2. Using different types of perturbations (e.g., different noise distributions or structured changes).
3. Adjusting the optimization parameters (e.g., increasing maxiter or changing the tolerance).
4. Using a different optimization method if possible.
5. Trying different initial guesses or parameterizations of h.

Given the time constraints and the previous code's structure, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise parameters. Let me try that.

So, modifying the code to use more perturbations, perhaps 100 instead of 50, and adjusting the noise parameters. Also, maybe using a different noise distribution for the perturbations.

Another idea: instead of adding noise to the initial guess, maybe using a more structured perturbation, such as swapping certain values between 0 and 1. However, this would require a different approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess generation method. For example, using a random guess with a different distribution, such as a Beta distribution, which could lead to more balanced h values.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise parameters. Let's try increasing the number of perturbations to 100, and use a combination of larger and smaller noise for different perturbations. Also, maybe using a different noise scale for the random guesses.

Another possible change: in the previous code, for the random guesses, it uses uniform noise and scales it. Maybe using a different scaling factor or a different distribution.

But perhaps the main change is to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise parameters. Let me try that.

So, in the code, the num_perturbations is set to 50. Increasing it to 100. Also, for the random guesses, maybe using a smaller noise scale. Also, for the perturbations, maybe using a different noise scale for different perturbations.

Another idea: for the random guesses, instead of generating them uniformly, use a more informed approach. For example, generating a random step function with certain properties.

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is difficult. So perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise parameters.

So, the revised code would have:

- num_perturbations = 100
- For random guesses, use smaller noise (e.g., -0.1 to 0.1)
- For perturbations, vary the noise scale

Additionally, maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting the tolerances.

But given that the previous code already uses SLSQP with tight tolerances, perhaps the main change is to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise parameters.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, the perturbations are generated with noise added to the initial guess. Maybe instead of adding noise, we can generate entirely new guesses by varying the positions of the steps in h. However, this would require a different approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess generation method. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters of h.

But again, without knowing the optimal parameters, this is challenging.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to increase the number of perturbations, adjust the noise parameters, and possibly use different noise distributions to explore the search space more thoroughly. This should help in finding a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate multiple diverse initial guesses
    num_perturbations = 100  # Increased number of perturbations for better exploration
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Generate diverse initial guesses: some random, some perturbed
        if perturbation_idx < 20:
            # Random initial guess with smaller noise
            random_guess = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
            random_guess = random_guess * (target_sum / np.sum(random_guess))
            perturbed = random_guess
        else:
            # Perturb the initial guess with varying noise
            if perturbation_idx < 60:
                # Medium noise for middle perturbations
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
            else:
                # Small noise for later perturbations
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function to minimize C5
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds for each h[i]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Constraints: sum(h) == target_sum
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances and more iterations
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 2000}
        )
        
        # Check if this result is better
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```