<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with initial guesses based on initial_h_values and some perturbations. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me recall the problem. We need to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (which is the max over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx) is minimized. The overlap integral is computed via convolution, and the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', then multiplies by dx.

The previous approach uses multiple initial guesses and optimizes each with SLSQP. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let's think about possible improvements.

The lessons mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that. So maybe the issue is with the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

Another thought: maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters. For example, using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help escape local minima. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So perhaps combining multiple optimization strategies could help.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe we can generate better initial guesses. For example, using a more structured approach, like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with specific patterns.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that doesn't correlate too much with its shifts. Maybe techniques from that area could be useful, like using orthogonal functions or specific waveforms.

But since we're dealing with step functions, perhaps a better approach is to model the function as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1, and then optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization methods could explore the search space more effectively. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses 150 points. Maybe using more points could lead to better results, but the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the current code uses n_points=150. Maybe increasing n_points could help, but it's a trade-off between resolution and computation time.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (50), but perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns or structures for the initial guesses, such as alternating 0s and 1s, or clusters of 1s separated by certain distances.

Also, the objective function is to minimize the maximum of the correlations. The previous code uses the max of the convolution result. Maybe there's a way to regularize the optimization to balance the different shifts, rather than just minimizing the maximum. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy where we try to minimize each correlation individually, but that's not straightforward since they are interdependent.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the tolerance or the maximum iterations, could lead to better results. However, the time budget is tight, so we need to balance between thoroughness and speed.

Wait, the previous code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. But perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, using a random initial guess, a perturbed version of the initial guess, or even a structured guess like a sine wave or other periodic function.

Also, the constraints are handled via an equality constraint in the optimization. The previous code uses the SLSQP method with that constraint. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints, could be better. Or maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT, if available.

But the available solvers include CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. However, the previous code uses scipy's optimize, which might not have access to all those solvers. Wait, the user mentioned that we can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with various solvers. So perhaps using cvxpy to formulate the problem as a convex optimization problem? But the problem is non-convex because of the max over correlations. So convex optimization might not apply directly.

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the problem by considering a subset of shifts k, but that's not clear.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and the maximum over k is what we need to minimize. Perhaps for certain values of k, the integral is more sensitive to the shape of h. For example, shifts that are small might be more critical. So maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts could help.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by weighting the objective function to prioritize certain shifts. However, this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. The current code uses a uniform grid with dx = 2/n_points. Maybe using a non-uniform grid could allow for better resolution in certain regions, but that would complicate the code.

Another angle: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution result. However, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for a given k is equivalent to the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. But the maximum over all k would correspond to the maximum value in the convolution result. However, the convolution in numpy's correlate function might have different indexing, so perhaps there's a mistake in how the maximum is computed. Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for two arrays of length n_points, gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of this array would correspond to the maximum overlap for some shift k. However, the actual shifts k that are considered are from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. But since the function is defined on [0,2], the valid shifts k would be such that x + k is within [0,2]. So perhaps the code is considering all possible shifts, but the actual valid shifts are limited. However, the problem says to compute the max over all k, so the code's approach is correct in that sense.

But maybe the code is not considering the correct shifts. For example, when k is larger than 2, the overlap integral would be zero because x + k would be outside the interval [0,2]. However, the code's correlate function includes all possible shifts, including those where the overlap is zero. But since the maximum is taken, those would not contribute. However, the code's current approach might be including some shifts that are not valid, leading to incorrect calculations. Wait, no. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is only non-zero when x + k is in [0,2], i.e., when x is in [0,2 -k] if k is positive, or x is in [k, 2] if k is negative. But the code's correlate function computes the convolution for all possible shifts, including those where the overlap is zero. However, the actual integral for those shifts would be zero, so the maximum would not be affected. Therefore, the code's approach is correct.

So, perhaps the problem is not in the calculation of the overlap integral but in the optimization process.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (50) and runs SLSQP on each. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or using different strategies to generate them could lead to better results. For example, generating initial guesses with different patterns, such as alternating 0s and 1s, or clusters of 1s separated by certain distances.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization, like a greedy algorithm that places 1s in positions that minimize the overlap. But how?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a game where we try to distribute the 1s in h such that no shift k has too much overlap. This resembles a covering problem or a scheduling problem. However, translating this into an optimization problem is non-trivial.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x, maybe we can think of this as a probability distribution. But I'm not sure how that helps.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. It uses n_points=150, which is manageable. The initial guesses are generated by perturbing the initial_h_values and generating random guesses. The optimization uses SLSQP with a tolerance of 1e-9 and maxiter=1000. Maybe the optimization is getting stuck in local minima, and a different approach is needed.

What if we use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is a global optimizer? However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, it's possible. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining multiple methods could help.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more efficiently. But implementing that would require more code and might be complex.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the overlaps for different k), maybe we can use a penalty method where we try to minimize the sum of the overlaps, but that's not directly helpful. However, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, but again, not sure.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on the worst-case shifts. For example, for a given h, compute the maximum overlap and then try to optimize h to reduce that maximum. But how to do that in practice?

Another thought: the current code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. However, if we can generate better initial guesses, that could lead to better results. For example, using a structured initial guess that has a certain pattern, like a periodic function or a function with specific symmetry.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which relates to the concept of "avoiding" overlaps. In some cases, optimal solutions are periodic or have certain symmetries. For example, if the function h is periodic with period 2, then shifting by certain amounts would repeat the pattern, leading to lower overlaps. However, the interval is [0,2], so perhaps a symmetric function around 1 would help.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and setting h to 1 in some segments and 0 in others. This is similar to the initial guess provided, which might be such a function.

But how to optimize the positions and lengths of these segments? This could be modeled as a combinatorial optimization problem, but with continuous variables for the positions and lengths.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a binary vector (for the step function) and the fitness is the maximum overlap. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a branch-and-bound approach, but again, that's computationally intensive.

Let me think about the previous code's limitations. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, if all initial guesses are similar to the initial_h_values, the optimization might get stuck in a local minimum. So generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

For instance, instead of just perturbing the initial guess and generating random guesses, maybe we can generate initial guesses with different patterns. For example, one could generate a guess where h is 1 in the first half of the interval and 0 in the second, another where it's 1 in the middle, etc. However, generating such structured guesses might require more thought.

Alternatively, using a random initialization with different distributions. For example, some initial guesses could have more 1s, others fewer, to explore different regions of the search space.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points=150. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 100) might allow for faster computation, but with less resolution. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps using n_points=100 or 120 could be better.

But the previous code uses 150, and the user's target is to improve upon the current record. So perhaps increasing n_points could help, but it's a trade-off between resolution and computation time.

Another angle: the current code's objective function returns the maximum of the convolution result multiplied by dx. However, perhaps there's a mistake in how the maximum is computed. For example, the convolution result includes all possible shifts, but the actual valid shifts are limited. However, as discussed earlier, the code's approach is correct.

Wait, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for a given k is equal to the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. However, the np.correlate function in numpy computes the cross-correlation, which is similar to convolution but without flipping one of the signals. So, the result of np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') would give the cross-correlation values for all possible shifts. However, the maximum of these values multiplied by dx would give the maximum overlap integral. So the code's approach is correct.

So, the problem is likely in the optimization process. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, could find better solutions.

Let me think about how to implement differential evolution. The differential evolution method is a global optimization algorithm that works well for continuous variables. It could be used here to explore the search space more thoroughly. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Combining both methods might help.

But given the time budget, using differential evolution might be slower. However, with 10 CPUs, it's possible to run multiple parallel optimizations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a few differential evolution optimizations to find good initial guesses, then refine them with SLSQP.

But how to implement this within the code?

Another idea: the previous code uses 50 initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, it's important to balance.

Alternatively, using a more efficient initial guess generation. For example, instead of generating random guesses, use a structured approach. For example, generate guesses where the 1s are placed in certain positions that are known to be good for minimizing overlap.

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is challenging.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (since h is a step function) with certain properties. However, since h can take any value between 0 and 1, it's more flexible. But perhaps using a binary step function (h(x) is 0 or 1) could be optimal. However, the previous code allows h(x) to be any value in [0,1], so maybe allowing continuous values gives better results.

But perhaps the optimal solution is a binary step function. If that's the case, then the problem reduces to finding a binary sequence with certain properties. However, this is just a hypothesis.

Assuming that, maybe the initial_h_values provided is a binary step function. If so, then the previous code's initial guess is already a binary function, and perturbing it might not be helpful. However, the code allows for continuous values, so maybe allowing some variation could help.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that the overlap for all shifts is approximately equal. This would mean that the function is designed to have uniform overlap across all shifts, which could be achieved by certain symmetric patterns.

For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 would result in the same overlap as shifting by -1. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a function that is periodic with period 1, but since the interval is [0,2], this might not be directly applicable.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function h is a probability distribution over [0,2]. The overlap integral for a shift k is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. To minimize the maximum of these expected values, we need to distribute the 1s in h such that no shift k has too high an expected value.

This resembles a problem in probability where we want to minimize the maximum correlation between the distribution and its shifted versions.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps using a greedy algorithm: iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k with the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this is a heuristic and might not lead to the global optimum.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method. But the problem is non-convex, so gradients might not be reliable.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and generate more diverse initial guesses. Let's outline the steps:

1. Use a larger number of initial guesses, generated with different strategies (e.g., random, perturbed, structured).
2. Use a global optimization method like differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly.
3. Combine the results of multiple optimizations to find the best solution.

However, implementing differential evolution in scipy is possible. Let me check the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function.

Yes, scipy.optimize.differential_evolution can be used here. It requires the bounds and the objective function. However, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Differential evolution doesn't handle constraints directly, but we can incorporate the constraint into the objective function via penalty terms.

Alternatively, we can use a constrained version of differential evolution, but that might be complex. Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraint.

The constraint is that the sum of h must be n_points / 2. So, the penalty could be a large value if the sum is not equal to that. However, during optimization, the algorithm would try to minimize the objective function plus the penalty, which would drive the sum towards the required value.

So, modifying the objective function to include a penalty for the constraint violation.

Let me think about how to implement this. The original objective function is the maximum overlap integral. The penalty term would be something like (sum(h) - target_sum)^2, multiplied by a large coefficient to ensure that the constraint is satisfied.

So, the modified objective function would be:

def objective(h):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    penalty = 1e6 * (np.sum(h) - n_points / 2)**2
    return max_corr * dx + penalty

This way, the optimizer will try to minimize both the maximum overlap and the constraint violation. The penalty coefficient (1e6) needs to be chosen such that it's large enough to enforce the constraint but not so large that it dominates the objective.

This approach could work, and differential evolution might be more effective at finding the global minimum.

Another advantage of differential evolution is that it doesn't require gradients, which might be beneficial for this non-convex problem.

So, modifying the previous code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Also, generating more diverse initial guesses.

But how to generate initial guesses? For differential evolution, the initial population is generated within the bounds. However, the previous code's initial guesses could be used as a starting point for the differential evolution.

Alternatively, we can run differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.

Another consideration: the previous code uses 150 points. Maybe reducing the number of points to 100 could allow for faster computation, but the target is to get a better bound, so it's worth trying.

Putting this all together, the plan is:

- Use differential evolution with a penalty for the constraint.
- Generate initial guesses with different strategies.
- Run multiple optimizations in parallel (using the 10 CPUs).
- Return the best solution found within the time budget.

However, implementing this in the code requires changing the optimization method and adjusting the objective function.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Differential evolution might require more iterations to converge, but with the time budget, it's possible.

So, modifying the code:

- Replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution.
- Adjust the objective function to include a penalty term for the constraint.
- Generate initial guesses with different strategies, including random and structured ones.

But how to implement this in the code? Let's outline the steps.

First, import differential evolution from scipy.optimize.

Then, define the objective function with the penalty.

Then, run differential evolution with the bounds and the objective function.

However, the differential evolution method may not be as efficient as SLSQP for this problem, but it might find better solutions.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=150. Maybe trying with n_points=100 could be faster and still effective.

So, the revised plan:

- Set n_points=100 (smaller for faster computation).
- Use differential evolution with penalty for constraint.
- Generate initial guesses with random and structured patterns.
- Run multiple optimizations in parallel.

But how to handle the initial guesses for differential evolution? The differential evolution method generates its own initial population, so perhaps the initial guesses from the previous code are not needed. However, to improve the initial population, we can generate some structured guesses and include them as part of the initial population.

Alternatively, we can use the initial_h_values as part of the initial population.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with the penalty method and see if it can find a better solution.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Another thing: the previous code's initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps using that as part of the initial population for differential evolution.

But in the code, the initial guesses are generated as part of the optimization process. However, with differential evolution, the initial population is generated automatically. So maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not needed anymore.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Use n_points=100.
- Define the objective function with penalty.
- Use differential evolution to minimize the objective.
- Return the best solution found.

But how to handle the time budget? The previous code had a time budget of 100 seconds. With differential evolution, it might take longer, so we need to adjust the parameters.

Alternatively, run multiple differential evolution optimizations in parallel, each with different parameters, and select the best result.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with a reasonable number of iterations and a penalty term.

Another consideration: the penalty coefficient. If it's too large, the optimization might get stuck in local minima. If it's too small, the constraint might not be satisfied. So, choosing an appropriate value is crucial.

In the previous code, the constraint is handled via an equality constraint in SLSQP. In the differential evolution approach, we need to ensure that the sum of h is close to n_points / 2. The penalty term would help with that.

Now, implementing this in code.

Let me draft the code:

Import necessary modules.

Define the objective function with penalty.

Use differential evolution with bounds.

But the code must be within the run function, and it must return the best solution found within the time budget.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=150. Let's try with n_points=100 to save time.

So, here's the revised plan:

- Set n_points=100.
- dx = 2.0 / n_points.
- The constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2.
- The objective function is max_corr * dx + penalty.
- Use differential evolution to minimize the objective.
- Run the optimization for a certain number of iterations, within the time budget.

But how to handle the time budget? The code must track the elapsed time and stop when it exceeds the budget.

So, the code would:

- Initialize the random seed.
- Set n_points=100.
- Define the objective function.
- Run differential evolution with a certain number of generations or iterations.
- Return the best solution found.

But the differential evolution in scipy has parameters like popsize, mutation, recombination, etc. Adjusting these could affect the performance.

Another thing: the initial guess for differential evolution can be generated randomly, but perhaps using the initial_h_values as part of the initial population could help.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with the code.

Now, considering all this, the final code would look something like this:

Import necessary modules.

Define the objective function with penalty.

Run differential evolution with the bounds and objective.

Return the best solution.

But I need to make sure that the code is within the time budget.

Another consideration: the previous code's initial_h_values might be a good starting point. So, perhaps using that as the initial guess for differential evolution.

But in the differential evolution, the initial population is generated randomly. So, to include the initial_h_values, perhaps we can set the initial population to include it.

However, scipy's differential evolution doesn't allow specifying the initial population directly, but we can generate a population that includes it.

Alternatively, run multiple optimizations with different initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with the penalty method and see.

So, here's the code:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Objective function with penalty
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        penalty = 1e6 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
        return max_corr * dx + penalty
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        tol=1e-6,
        maxiter=100,
        polish=True,
        disp=False
    )
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed >= budget_s:
        # Fallback to initial guess if time is up
        # But we don't have an initial guess here
        # Alternatively, return the result we have
        pass
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But this code may not be sufficient. For example, the differential evolution may not find a good solution within the time budget. Also, the penalty coefficient (1e6) may need tuning.

Another thing: the previous code used SLSQP with multiple initial guesses. Differential evolution may require more time to converge, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible.

However, the code above may not be efficient enough. For example, the maxiter=100 may not be sufficient. Also, the strategy and parameters may need adjustment.

Another idea: use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. For example, run differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with differential evolution and see.

Another consideration: the initial_h_values provided may be a good starting point. So, perhaps using it as part of the initial population for differential evolution. However, scipy's differential evolution doesn't allow specifying the initial population, but we can generate a population that includes it.

Alternatively, run differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.

But given the time, perhaps the code above is a starting point. However, the previous code's initial_h_values may be better than a random initial guess. So, perhaps using the initial_h_values as the initial guess for differential evolution.

But how to do that? The differential evolution's initial population is generated randomly, but we can set the initial guess as part of the bounds.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the initial guess for the differential evolution.

But in the code above, the initial guess is not specified. So, perhaps modifying the code to use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.

But how? The differential evolution function doesn't take an initial guess, but we can generate a population that includes the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, run the differential evolution with the initial_h_values as part of the population.

But this requires more complex code.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the initial guess for the differential evolution. However, the differential evolution doesn't have an initial guess parameter, so this may not be possible.

Given the time, perhaps proceed with the code above and see.

But the previous code's initial_h_values may be a good starting point. So, perhaps generating an initial guess based on initial_h_values and using it as part of the differential evolution.

But without knowing how to do that, perhaps it's better to proceed with the code above and see.

Another thing: the penalty coefficient. If the penalty is too large, the optimization may get stuck. So, perhaps starting with a smaller penalty, like 1e4, and adjusting it if needed.

In the code above, the penalty is 1e6. This may be too large, causing the optimizer to focus on satisfying the constraint rather than minimizing the overlap. So, perhaps reducing the penalty coefficient.

Another idea: the constraint is sum(h) = target_sum. The penalty term could be (sum(h) - target_sum)^2, scaled by a small coefficient, and the objective function is the max overlap. This way, the optimizer tries to minimize both.

So, adjusting the penalty coefficient to something like 1e3.

But without testing, it's hard to say. However, given the time constraints, this is the best approach.

Another thing: the previous code's initial_h_values may have a sum close to target_sum, so the penalty may not be too large initially.

In conclusion, the revised code uses differential evolution with a penalty term for the constraint, and aims to find a better solution within the time budget. This approach may explore the search space more effectively than the previous SLSQP method.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Objective function with penalty
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        penalty = 1e3 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
        return max_corr * dx + penalty
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Run differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        objective,
        bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        popsize=15,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        tol=1e-6,
        maxiter=100,
        polish=True,
        disp=False
    )
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed >= budget_s:
        # Fallback to initial guess if time is up
        # But we don't have an initial guess here
        # Alternatively, return the result we have
        pass
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```