<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a combination of different optimization methods—SLSQP, differential evolution, and Powell—with various initial guesses. But maybe I can find a better way. Let me think about what's different here.

First, the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, we compute the integral of the product of h and the complement of h shifted by k. We want this maximum to be as small as possible.

The previous code used an initial guess based on periodic functions and binary patterns. Maybe there's a better starting point. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration could help avoid local minima. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy.

Let me think about the constraints. The function h must integrate to 1 over [0, 2], so the area under h is 1. The function h is a step function with n_points samples. The overlap integral is evaluated via convolution with the 1 - h function, and the maximum over all shifts is the C₅ value.

One thing to note is that the current best is around 0.38085. The target is to beat that. So, I need a strategy that either finds a better initial guess or improves the optimization process.

The previous code uses differential evolution and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method, like using a gradient-based approach with better constraints. Alternatively, perhaps a Bayesian optimization approach could be more effective, but that might be too complex given the time budget.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry. For example, maybe a periodic function with specific parameters, or a function that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, using a sinusoidal function or a triangular wave, but adjusted to meet the area constraint.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, so maybe starting from there and improving it is better than starting from random guesses. The previous code used that initial guess but maybe there's a way to refine it more effectively.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points. Let me check: the initial_h_values have n_points=45. But the problem says that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred. Wait, maybe using fewer points could lead to better results? However, with fewer points, the function is less flexible. So there's a trade-off. Maybe using a higher number of points isn't necessary if the optimization can find a good structure.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess isn't the best. Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a function that is more optimized. Maybe a function with certain symmetry or a known optimal structure.

Another idea: the current objective function is to minimize the maximum of the convolution. To model this, perhaps we can transform the problem into a constrained optimization where we minimize a variable that's an upper bound on the overlap. For example, for all k, the integral is less than or equal to some value C. Then, minimize C. This is a convex optimization problem? Wait, maybe not. Because the integral for each k is a non-convex function of h. However, if we can model this as a min-max problem, perhaps using a convex relaxation.

But given the time constraints and the computational limits, maybe a better approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method with better hyperparameters. For example, using a hybrid approach of differential evolution followed by local optimization with gradient descent.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution with popsize 50, but maybe adjusting the parameters could lead to better results. Also, trying different methods for the local optimization steps.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating a diverse set of initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using different waveforms, random perturbations, or more structured patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-start optimization approach where multiple initial points are tried, including the initial guess, and then the best one is selected.

Another optimization idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which are all functions of h, perhaps using a coordinate descent approach. For example, iteratively adjusting the function h to minimize the maximum overlap at each step.

But coordinate descent could be slow. Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a penalty function that penalizes the maximum overlap. But the maximum is not differentiable, so maybe using a smooth approximation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy. However, genetic algorithms are generally slower than other methods, so maybe not ideal within the 100-second budget.

Wait, the previous code already tried several methods. Maybe the issue is that the optimization isn't exploring enough of the parameter space. Let me think about the parameters used in the optimization. For example, in differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters are set. Maybe adjusting those could lead to better exploration.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of generations for differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or generations could help find a better solution. However, given the time budget, increasing the iterations might not be feasible.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a quadratic optimization problem. But since the integrals are non-linear, that might not be straightforward.

Another idea: since the overlap integral for each shift is the same as the convolution, perhaps the maximum is minimized when the function h and its shifted versions are as uncorrelated as possible. Thus, a good h might be one that is distributed in a way that avoids large overlaps with its shifted copies.

For example, if h is a square wave with certain width, its shifted versions would have overlaps that depend on the shift. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should be designed to have low correlation with its translations.

Perhaps a better initial guess is a function that's designed to be as spread out as possible. For example, a piecewise constant function with equal parts in intervals that are spaced to avoid overlaps. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Wait, the current initial guess might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more structured approach. For instance, using a function that is constructed based on known minimal overlap properties. However, without prior knowledge, this might be difficult.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe trying a global optimizer first, then refining with a local method.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution (global) followed by SLSQP (local). Maybe there's a better combination. For example, using a different global optimizer, like the particle swarm optimization (PSO), which might explore the parameter space more efficiently. However, implementing PSO may not be feasible within the code's current structure.

Alternatively, since the code uses scipy.optimize, maybe using the COBYLA method which handles constraints and bounds well. Or the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free.

Another thing: the current objective function is max over k of the convolution. The convolution can be expensive to compute, especially for large n_points. However, with n_points=45, it's manageable. But for each optimization step, computing the max over all shifts is O(n^2) time. So, for a large number of iterations, this could add up. Maybe precomputing the shifts or finding a more efficient way to compute the maximum.

Alternatively, if the maximum is dominated by a few specific shifts, perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts. But that would require analyzing which shifts are the most critical, which may not be feasible without prior knowledge.

So, considering the current code, perhaps the main issues are:

1. The initial guesses might not be optimal.
2. The optimization parameters could be adjusted for better results.
3. The combination of methods might need tweaking.

Let me think about how to improve the code.

First, using the initial guess. The initial_h_values are given, so maybe starting from there is better. The previous code uses that as the initial guess and then generates other guesses. Maybe perturbing the initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, adding a small random noise to the initial guess and optimizing from there.

Second, the optimization methods. The code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and Powell. Maybe using a different approach, such as Bayesian optimization, could be more effective. But implementing that from scratch is time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method. For instance, adjusting the parameters in SLSQP, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations, or using a better tolerance.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of multiple integrals, which can be viewed as a bilevel optimization problem. However, this might complicate things further.

Alternatively, consider that the overlap integral is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For a fixed k, this is the integral of h over the interval where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, the overlap depends on the regions where h(x) and h(x + k) are both active.

Thus, the goal is to arrange the regions of h such that these overlaps are minimized for all shifts. Maybe a good strategy is to design h such that its support is as spread out as possible, avoiding overlapping with its own shifted versions.

For example, if h is a step function that is 1 over certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals spaced such that shifting by any k would not lead to overlapping regions. However, given the integral constraint (area under h is 1), the number of intervals is limited.

But how to design such a function? Let's suppose we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l, such that m*l = 1 (since the total area is 1). Then, the function's support is spread out. If the intervals are spaced so that shifting by any k would not cause overlapping, then the overlap integral would be zero. However, this is impossible because the function must be periodic or have some structure.

Alternatively, the intervals could be arranged with some spacing between them. For example, if the intervals are placed so that they are spaced more than l apart, then shifting by a certain amount would not overlap. But this might not be possible due to the total length of the domain.

Alternatively, the function could be a combination of multiple such intervals, but the exact arrangement is non-trivial.

Given that the current approach uses numerical optimization, perhaps a better way is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process.

In terms of code, perhaps the following changes could be made:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses, including some that are inspired by optimal configurations from known examples.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better exploration and refinement.
3. Use a better method for local optimization, such as using the BFGS method if possible, or adjusting the constraints.
4. Implement a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap, perhaps by focusing on the most critical shifts.

But how to implement this in the code?

Let me think about the code structure. The current code generates some initial guesses and then uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe generating more initial guesses using different functions (like more waveforms) could help. For example, using a function based on a sine wave with different amplitudes, or a triangular wave.

Alternatively, using a function that is constructed from the initial guess but with modifications. For example, taking the initial guess and then applying a transformation to it.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, create some structured guesses. For example, using a function that is piecewise constant with a specific number of segments, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a function that is high in certain intervals and low in others, spaced apart.

But generating such functions algorithmically would require some code. For example, for n_points=45, dividing the domain into segments and assigning h to 1 in some segments and 0 in others, ensuring the total area is 1.

However, given the constraints, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a generate_binary function which creates a binary function with a certain frequency and duty cycle. Maybe varying these parameters more could lead to better initial guesses.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying with different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using more points allows for a more precise function, but the optimization time increases. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible that 45 points are manageable.

But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. But the initial code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying with a different number, like 60 or 90, could provide a better solution. However, this would require changing the code to use different n_points, which might not be feasible if the initial_h_values are given for 45 points.

So, assuming that n_points is fixed to 45, the code must work with that. 

Let me think about the optimization steps. The previous code uses several optimization methods. Perhaps combining more carefully, such as using differential evolution for a few iterations, then using SLSQP with a higher number of iterations. Also, adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods.

For example, the differential evolution has options for mutation and recombination. Maybe increasing the popsize or adjusting the mutation parameters to better explore the search space.

Another thing: the code has a loop that runs differential evolution 10 times. Perhaps increasing that to more iterations, but within the time budget. Also, the SLSQP has a maxiter of 150. Maybe increasing that to 200 or 300 could help.

Additionally, the code uses a Powell method at the end. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like COBYLA, could be more effective.

Another thing is that the previous code evaluates the objective function multiple times and keeps the best solution. Perhaps adding more iterations of optimization with different initial points.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and finding the maximum, which is what the current code does. But that's already the case.

Now, considering all this, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including waveforms with different parameters and structures.
3. Use a combination of global optimization methods (like differential evolution with adjusted parameters) and local optimization (like SLSQP or BFGS) with better parameters.
4. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods to allow for better exploration and refinement.
5. Ensure the code stays within the time budget by carefully managing the number of iterations.

Let me outline how to modify the code:

- Generate more initial guesses using different patterns: for example, a variety of periodic functions, binary patterns, and random perturbations.
- Use differential evolution with a higher population size and more iterations but within the time budget.
- Refine with a more precise local optimizer, such as SLSQP with higher maxiter.
- Consider adding more steps of optimization, such as multiple rounds of differential evolution followed by local optimization.

Also, the code could include a step where the initial guess is perturbed and optimized from there. For example, adding a small random noise to the initial guess and optimizing.

Another idea: using a multistart approach where multiple different starting points are used for the optimization. This could help avoid local minima.

In terms of code, the previous code uses a few initial guesses. Let me see the code again:

The current guesses are:
- generate_periodic with periods 4,5,6,7
- generate_binary with various frequencies and duty cycles
- generate_sparse (which seems to create a zero vector)
- a random guess

But generate_sparse creates a zero vector, which might not be helpful. Maybe removing that or replacing it with something else.

So, perhaps generating more varied guesses could help. For example, creating different waveforms with different parameters, such as varying the frequency, duty cycle, or phase.

Also, the current code uses a simple generate_binary function. Let's think about how to generate different waveforms. For example:

- Sine waves with different frequencies and amplitudes.
- Square waves with varying duty cycles.
- Triangular waves.
- Sawtooth waves.

But generating these requires code that maps the indices to the values accordingly. Also, ensuring that the area under the function is approximately 1.

Another thing: the code might benefit from using a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values are known to be a decent starting point, perhaps optimizing from there directly.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are used as the first guess. But perhaps optimizing directly from that initial guess with a more sophisticated method could yield better results.

Putting this all together, here's a revised approach:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess and optimize from there with a combination of methods.
- Generate additional initial guesses using periodic and binary functions with varying parameters.
- Use a more extensive differential evolution step with adjusted parameters.
- Refine with a local optimizer with higher maxiter and better tolerance settings.
- Ensure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget by limiting the number of iterations and carefully managing the time.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code already has some of these elements. The main changes would be adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods and generating more varied initial guesses.

For example, in the generate_periodic function, varying the period more widely. Also, in the generate_binary, varying frequencies more.

Another thing: the generate_binary function might not be as effective. For example, using a frequency that is a fraction of the n_points might create better patterns.

In terms of code, I'll need to adjust the code to create more initial guesses. Let me think of possible modifications:

- Adding more periods to generate_periodic, like periods 3, 6, 7, etc.
- Adding more generate_binary with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adding other waveform types, like triangular or sawtooth.

However, implementing these might require more code. Since the previous code is 300 lines and needs to fit into the constraint, it's important to be concise.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values as a base and generating variations by adding small random perturbations to it. For example, in the initial guesses, generate several slightly modified versions of the initial h.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use more varied initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters.

So, in the code, in the guesses section, instead of the current ones, generate more initial guesses with different waveforms. For example:

- generate_periodic for various periods.
- generate_binary with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- a random guess.
- perhaps a triangular wave or a different waveform.

But without introducing too many new functions, perhaps the code can be adjusted.

Additionally, the code in the previous version uses a generate_sparse function, which is not helpful. So perhaps removing it.

Another thing to consider: the time of the code. The previous code runs for 100 seconds. The kill time is at 100 seconds, so the code must return before that.

In the previous code, there's an initial loop that runs for generating guesses and optimizes them. Then, it runs differential evolution for 10 times. Then, some Powell steps.

Maybe the code can be optimized by:

- Reducing the number of iterations in some steps to save time.
- Focusing the optimization on the most promising initial guesses.

Another point: the objective function is the maximum of the convolution. Perhaps during the optimization, if the maximum is found to converge, the code can exit earlier.

But with the given constraints, the code must proceed.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I can:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as different waveforms with varying parameters.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better exploration and refinement.
3. Use a more efficient local optimization method and increase the number of iterations.
4. Ensure that the code stays within the time budget by limiting the number of iterations and focusing on the most promising solutions.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.

For the initial guesses, let's expand the generate_periodic and generate_binary calls with more parameters. For example:

- For generate_periodic, use periods like 3, 5, 7, etc.
- For generate_binary, vary frequencies and duty cycles more.

Additionally, maybe adding a triangular wave or other pattern.

But to keep the code concise, perhaps the existing generate_periodic and generate_binary can be adjusted.

Another thing: in the previous code, the generate_binary function uses a sine wave and clamps it to 0 or 1. This creates a binary function where the value is 1 when the sine is positive and 0 otherwise. The duty cycle can be adjusted by scaling the sine wave. However, the current code's generate_binary function has some parameters, which can be expanded.

In code, the generate_binary function is:

def generate_binary(freq, duty):
    return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * np.arange(n_points)) > 0, 0, 1) * duty

But duty is multiplied, which controls the height. Maybe using a different approach to vary the duty cycle.

Overall, the main idea is to generate more varied initial guesses. So, expanding the list of initial guesses in the code.

Another thing: the code may benefit from increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution and the local optimization.

Now, putting this into code.

The code would have to generate various initial guesses, such as:

- Periodic functions with different periods.
- Binary functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- A more structured function, like a triangular wave.
- Random noise.

But to keep the code concise, perhaps adding more parameters to generate_periodic and generate_binary.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with:

for p in [4, 5, 6, 7]:
    guesses.append(generate_periodic(p))
for f, d in [(6, 0.2), (5, 0.3), (4, 0.4), (7, 0.1)]:
    guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))
guesses.append(generate_sparse())

So, let's modify this to generate more periods and more frequencies.

Perhaps:

for p in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(generate_periodic(p))
for f, d in [(3, 0.2), (4, 0.3), (5, 0.4), (6, 0.1), (7, 0.5)]:  # adding more frequencies and duty cycles
    guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))

This increases the diversity of initial guesses.

Additionally, maybe adding a triangular wave or another pattern.

Alternatively, adding a small random perturbation to the initial guess.

In the code, after the initial_h_values, perhaps creating a guess based on the initial_h_values with some noise is beneficial.

But since the initial_h_values are already part of the guesses, maybe that's not needed.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and add a small random perturbation to it as another guess.

But this would be an additional guess.

So, modifying the code to include more guesses.

Now, for the optimization steps:

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run 10 times, each with maxiter=30. Next, the code runs Powell for a few steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, but keeping within the time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like SLSQP with more iterations.

Also, adjusting the constraints and bounds to be more precise.

Another point: the current code uses a constraint_sum which ensures that the sum of h is equal to n_points / 2. This is correct, since the total integral is 1, and dx = 2/n_points.

Another thing: the current code uses a function to clip the generate_periodic and generate_binary to [0,1], which is correct.

Now, putting this into the code, modifying the guesses and parameter settings.

In terms of code, the key changes are:

1. Expanding the list of initial guesses.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.
3. Possibly increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.

Now, adjusting the code accordingly.

Additionally, the code in the previous version has a section where it generates guesses, then runs optimization on them. Then, after some iterations, runs differential evolution again with more steps.

But within the time budget, ensuring that the code doesn't exceed the time limit.

Another thing: the previous code uses dx as 2.0 / n_points, which is correct.

So, in conclusion, the revised code would include more initial guesses, better parameters for the optimization steps, and possibly more iterations, all while ensuring it stays within the time budget.

Now, implementing these changes in the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_periodic(period):
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * np.arange(n_points) / period), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_binary(freq, duty):
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * np.arange(n_points)) > 0, 0, 1) * duty
    
    def generate_sparse():
        t = np.random.rand(n_points)
        return np.zeros(n_points) if np.random.rand() < 0.5 else (t > 0.5).astype(float)
    
    guesses = []
    for p in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
        guesses.append(generate_periodic(p))
    for f, d in [(3, 0.2), (4, 0.3), (5, 0.4), (6, 0.1), (7, 0.5), (8, 0.25)]:
        guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(generate_sparse())
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))  # random
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, best_h, method='Powell', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xtol': 1e-9, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 30})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```