<think>
Okay, I need to come up with a strategy to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a hybrid method with SLSQP optimization, but I need a materially different approach. Let's think about alternate methods that might be more effective.

First, the problem is a nonconvex optimization problem. The previous method used gradient-based optimization, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe I can use a different optimization technique or explore alternative ways to structure the problem.

What if I use a more structured approach, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing? These are population-based methods that can explore the solution space more thoroughly. However, they might be slower, but with the given time budget of 600 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, I could consider a convex relaxation of the problem. Since the original problem is nonconvex, relaxing it to a convex form (like using semidefinite programming or other convex optimization techniques) could provide a better starting point. But the problem is that the exact evaluation requires the nonconvex objective, so any relaxation would need to be checked against the original objective.

Another idea: perhaps the current problem can be transformed into a more tractable form by using a different representation of h. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, I could model it as a piecewise constant function with certain properties, like periodic or symmetric structures. This might allow the use of Fourier analysis, given that the problem is about overlap integrals.

Wait, the overlap integral involves correlations between h and 1-h. The integral is essentially a convolution, and maybe using Fourier transforms could help. The convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of a convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. But since we're dealing with a max over lags, perhaps analyzing the frequency domain could help find optimal h.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe by considering the Fourier coefficients of h and then optimizing them to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the constraints (sum h = 1/2, h in [0,1]) would complicate this.

Another approach: consider the problem as a game between h and the choices of k. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need h to be as spread out as possible in the interval [0,2]. But how to formalize this?

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h should be designed such that when shifted by k, the overlap with 1-h is minimized. This seems similar to a covering code or error-correcting code, where the code words are spaced apart to minimize intersection.

Wait, maybe using a sparse representation. If h has few non-zero entries, but that's not necessarily better. The current sum constraint is that the integral of h is 1, so for n_points samples, the average h value is 0.5. So, a uniform distribution might be a starting point, but with possible adjustments.

The previous method used the initial_h_values, which is a given. Maybe I can try to use a different initialization. For example, instead of starting with the parent, generate a random initial h that satisfies the constraints. But how to generate such a h? Maybe using a random permutation of values that sum to the required value.

Alternatively, consider a pattern-based initialization. For instance, a periodic pattern that alternates between high and low values, ensuring that overlaps are minimized. For example, a sine wave or a square wave.

But how to create such a pattern programmatically? For instance, using a sine function with specific parameters to fit the interval [0,2]. However, ensuring that the integral is exactly 1 would require careful scaling.

Another thought: the problem might benefit from symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is symmetric around 1. For example, h(x) = 1 - h(2 - x). This symmetry might reduce the number of variables to optimize, potentially simplifying the problem.

But how to enforce symmetry in the optimization? By constraining the h to be symmetric, which would reduce the number of parameters. However, this might not lead to the optimal solution, so it's a trade-off.

Now, thinking about the original problem again. The key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all possible lags k. Since the spacing between samples is dx = 2/n_points, the lags in the correlation can be thought of as shifts of up to approximately n_points.

The current approach uses SLSQP with constraints, but maybe a better method is to use a different solver or a different optimization framework. For example, using a genetic algorithm could explore the solution space more thoroughly, especially since the problem is nonconvex.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with surrogate models to navigate the search space. However, this would require more complex setup and might not be feasible within the time constraints.

Wait, the time budget is 600 seconds. Using a genetic algorithm might be computationally intensive. For n_points=42, the previous method with 5 restarts was feasible. Let's consider if increasing the n_points to 200 could be manageable. Each evaluation of the objective function involves computing np.correlate, which for n_points=200 would take O(n^2) time. But with a time limit of 600 seconds, perhaps it's possible to parallelize or use more efficient methods.

Alternatively, find a way to reduce the dimensionality of the problem. For example, instead of optimizing over all h[i], use clustering or other techniques to reduce the number of variables.

Another idea: use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each lag, find the region where the overlap is highest and adjust h to lower it. However, this is a heuristic and might not find the global minimum.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a greedy approach could be effective. However, without knowing the exact structure of the optimal h, this is speculative.

Going back to the original problem, the key is to minimize the maximum overlap. The overlap for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

This problem resembles the design of a binary sequence to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. In fact, the problem of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between a sequence and its shifted versions is a well-known problem in coding theory, related to code design for communication systems.

In that context, the optimal sequences are called "low autocorrelation binary sequences." However, in this case, the problem is slightly different because we are dealing with a continuous function h and minimizing the maximum correlation with its shifted versions. But perhaps similar principles apply.

For binary sequences, the optimal code is a set of sequences with minimal cross-correlation. For example, the Barker codes have minimal cross-correlation properties. However, these are for finite-length binary sequences, and the problem here is continuous. But perhaps the ideas can be adapted.

In our case, h is a continuous function over [0,2], and we need to find h such that the overlap with any shifted version is minimized. The optimal h might have a periodic pattern with certain spacing to avoid overlapping too much when shifted.

Another approach: consider the problem as an optimization over the set of functions h in [0,1]^n_points, with the constraints on the integral. The goal is to find h that minimizes the maximum overlap for any lag. This is similar to designing a function with minimal maximum cross-correlation with its shifted versions.

To model this, we can consider each lag k, and the overlap integral for that lag is a function of h. The problem is to minimize the maximum of these functions over all lags k. This is a minimax problem, which can be challenging.

A possible way to handle this is to use a gradient-based method that alternates between minimizing over h and checking the maximum overlap. However, this could be slow or get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, use a method that reduces the problem to a convex optimization by approximating the nonconvex objective. For example, using a convex hull or another convex relaxation. However, I need to think about how to formulate this.

Another idea: use the fact that the maximum overlap is the maximum of a finite number of expressions, each involving the same function h. This can be seen as a constraint satisfaction problem, where each constraint corresponds to a lag. To minimize the maximum, we can use a penalty method that penalizes large overlaps.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization algorithm. For example, the previous approach used SLSQP with constraints. Perhaps using a different solver, like COBYLA, which is more suitable for bound-constrained problems. Or using a simulated annealing approach.

Alternatively, consider using a parameterized family of functions. For example, design h to be a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments, each of which has a specific value. This could reduce the number of variables, but the question is how to parameterize them.

Alternatively, use a parametric form for h. For instance, assume h is a sinusoidal function with specific parameters. But ensuring that the integral is exactly 1 and h is between 0 and 1 would require careful selection of parameters.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem where we want h to avoid overlapping too much with its shifts. Therefore, if h is a set of intervals that are spaced apart, their shifts would not overlap much. For example, if h is a union of intervals, each of length l, spaced a distance d apart such that the shift k = d would avoid overlapping.

But for continuous functions, this might be too simplistic. However, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals with certain properties.

Assume that h(x) is 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise. This would make it a binary function, and the problem reduces to choosing the intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. This is similar to the binary code problem mentioned earlier.

For example, if we have m intervals where h(x) = 1, each of length l, then the total integral is m*l. Since the integral must be 1, m*l = 1. The intervals need to be placed in [0,2] such that shifting them by any k doesn't cause too much overlap.

This seems promising. Let's think about the binary case. For example, if we have two intervals of length 1, placed at positions 0 and 1. Then shifting by 1 would cause overlap between the two intervals. The overlap would be the integral over [1, 1] (but since the length is 1, it's just the overlap between the two intervals.

In this case, the overlap for certain shifts could be calculated. However, the goal is to find the binary function h that minimizes the maximum overlap. This might be a more tractable problem to solve, especially since the integral constraint can be satisfied by choosing m and l.

For example, for n_points=42, the integral is 1. If I choose m intervals each of length l, then m*l = 1. The number of intervals m would be between 1 and 42 (depending on l). But since the function h is a step function with 42 samples, these intervals would be determined by the positions and widths.

But how to model this in code? Perhaps the idea is to use a binary step function with certain parameters and use an optimization algorithm to find the best arrangement.

However, this approach would be limited by the discrete nature of the samples. But perhaps using this binary structure could lead to a better solution than the previous non-binary approach.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of both approaches: a binary function with some parameters and then allowing small variations (like probabilistic perturbations) to fine-tune the function.

But how to integrate this into an optimization algorithm? It requires rethinking the initial guess and the optimization steps.

Another approach is to use a block-based structure for h. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into several blocks and set h to be a certain value within each block. This reduces the number of variables and makes the optimization problem more structured.

But again, this introduces new parameters that need to be optimized.

Considering the previous approach's limitations, maybe a better idea is to use a different initial guess and optimization method. For example, instead of starting with a uniform distribution, use a pattern with well-distributed values that inherently minimize overlap.

For instance, use a pattern like a sine wave with a certain frequency. The idea is that the sine wave's regularity would minimize the correlation with its shifted versions. However, the integral needs to be exactly 1, so the amplitude would be adjusted accordingly.

Let me think. If h(x) = A * sin(πx / L) + B, where L is a parameter determining the period, then the integral over [0,2] would need to be 1. But ensuring that h(x) is between 0 and 1 would require careful selection of A and B.

But this seems complex. Maybe a simpler approach: use a function that has a zero average and is periodic, ensuring that its shifts don't create large overlaps.

Alternatively, use a function that is a sum of basis functions, each of which contributes to minimizing the overlap when shifted. This might be too vague, but perhaps it's worth exploring.

Another angle: the problem's current upper bound is C₅ ≤ 0.38085. The target is to get below 0.3807. So even a small improvement in the upper bound is significant. To achieve this, perhaps a more precise optimization of the function h is required.

Given that the previous method used a small n_points (42), maybe increasing the number of samples to a higher n_points (like 200) would allow for more precise control over h, potentially leading to a better bound. However, the computational cost would increase, so need to balance resolution and time.

But with a time budget of 600 seconds, even for n_points=200, the computations might be feasible. For example, each SLSQP run with 5 restarts would take O(5 * time_per_run), and with n_points=200, each run's time is proportional to the number of function evaluations and gradient calculations.

Therefore, increasing the n_points could be a viable strategy. Let's consider this.

The previous code used n_points=42. If I can run with n_points=200, the resolution is improved, allowing for more detailed h functions. However, the problem is that the time for each optimization step increases with n_points. 

But if the code can be optimized, like using vectorized operations and efficient solvers, this might be manageable. 

So, the plan could be to increase the n_points to a higher value, use a better initial guess (like the parent h_values if available), and use a more efficient optimization algorithm or a different solver to find the optimal h.

But what about the solver choice? The previous code used SLSQP. Alternative solvers like COBYLA or other constraint-handling solvers might be better suited. Also, using a different optimization method, such as a Bayesian optimization or a derivative-free method, might explore the solution space more effectively.

Another idea: use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we simultaneously minimize the maximum overlap and ensure the constraints. This would involve minimizing the maximum overlap while maintaining the integral constraint.

But this is essentially what the current approach is doing.

Alternatively, explore the problem in the frequency domain. The overlap integral for a shift k can be expressed as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, it's equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x + k) dx. The first term is 1 (since ∫h(x)dx = 1). The second term is the cross-correlation of h with itself, evaluated at lag k. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over all lags k.

This is an important insight. So the problem becomes: find h ∈ [0,1]^n_points with ∫ h dx = 1, which maximizes the minimum value of the cross-correlation of h with itself over all lags k. This is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the pairwise overlaps.

But how to use this? It transforms the problem into maximizing the minimal cross-correlation. This could be approached by considering the cross-correlation function of h and trying to maximize its minimum value.

This might make the optimization problem more tractable, as the cross-correlation is a more familiar quantity in signal processing. The problem becomes finding a function h where the cross-correlation is as high as possible for the smallest values of lags, but since we're maximizing the minimum, we need the cross-correlation to be as high as possible for all lags.

This seems similar to the concept of a "constant" cross-correlation, which is achieved by a function that is statistically stationary, like a Dirac delta or a uniform distribution. However, our function is constrained to have integral 1 and to be in [0,1].

This suggests that the optimal h might be designed to have as uniform as possible cross-correlations across all lags. For example, a uniform distribution of h(x) would likely have high cross-correlation across all lags.

But since we are looking for the maximum of the minimum cross-correlation, the optimal solution would be one that equalizes the cross-correlation across all lags. This is similar to the concept of a "flat" cross-correlation function.

However, designing such a function is non-trivial.

Back to the main problem, the insight that the overlap is 1 - cross-correlation makes the problem more approachable. So, the goal is to maximize the minimum cross-correlation, which in turn minimizes the maximum overlap.

This reformulation could guide the optimization. Perhaps using a solver that directly optimizes the cross-correlation function.

But how to implement this? It's similar to the original problem but shifted in terms of the objective.

Now, considering the optimization method. Since the problem is non-convex, gradient-based methods might still get stuck in local optima. To mitigate this, using a global optimization method, like differential evolution, might be more effective.

Differential evolution (DE) is a population-based optimization algorithm that can explore the solution space more thoroughly. It's well-suited for problems with multiple local optima.

So, the plan could be to use a differential evolution algorithm to optimize the function h, aiming to minimize the maximum overlap (which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation).

However, the challenge is that the function h is represented as n_points samples, and the constraints are ∑h = 1 and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1. The differential evolution algorithm can handle these constraints by incorporating them into the fitness function or using bounds.

Let's outline the steps:

1. Initialize a population of candidate h vectors, each satisfying the constraints.
2. For each candidate, evaluate the objective function (max overlap).
3. Use differential evolution to evolve the population, selecting better candidates to guide the search.
4. After the evolution, return the best candidate found.

This approach could potentially find better solutions than the previous SLSQP method, especially if the population is large enough and the mutation strategies are well-chosen.

Another point: the differential evolution algorithm can be configured to use bounds and constraints. In the case of our problem, the bounds are 0 and 1 for each h[i], and the sum must be exactly 1. The algorithm can enforce the bounds by clipping the values, but maintaining the sum constraint requires careful handling.

For example, during the DE steps, when generating new candidates, after mutation and crossover, we can clip the values to [0,1] and then adjust the sum to be exactly n_points/2. This adjustment can be done by rescaling the vector, but it might introduce some error. However, this is a common technique in constrained optimization.

This approach would require:

- A way to enforce the sum constraint after each mutation/crossover step.
- A way to evaluate the objective function (max overlap) for each candidate.

This seems feasible. For the initial population, we can generate random vectors that satisfy the constraints. For example, each candidate could be a random vector in [0,1] with sum exactly n_points/2. This ensures that the initial population is feasible.

Now, considering the implementation details. How to generate feasible initial candidates? One way is to generate a random vector, clip it to [0,1], then scale it to satisfy the sum constraint. This can be done by computing the current sum, and if it's not equal to n_points/2, scaling each element by (n_points/2) / current_sum.

However, this scaling might push some elements outside [0,1]. To handle this, after scaling, we can clip the values again and then re-scale, but this might not maintain the sum exactly. To avoid this, we can use a different method to generate the initial vectors.

Alternatively, use a rejection sampling approach: generate random vectors until one satisfies the sum constraint. But for large n_points, this could be slow.

Alternatively, generate the vectors as follows: for each h[i], sample uniformly from [0,1], then normalize the vector so that the sum is n_points/2. The normalization will scale each h[i] by (n_points/2) / sum(h). This ensures that the sum is exactly n_points/2. However, because the individual values are scaled, they remain in [0,1] only if the original vector was within certain bounds. For example, if the original vector has values in [0,1], then after scaling, each element will be in [0,1] multiplied by the scaling factor. Wait, no: the original vector has sum S. After scaling by (n_points/2)/S, each element becomes h[i] * (n_points/2)/S. Since the original h[i] is between 0 and 1, the scaled value would be between 0 and (n_points/2)/S. But S is the sum of the original vector, which could be larger or smaller than n_points/2. If the original sum is S, then the scaled value will be h[i] * (n_points/2)/S. However, since h[i] ≤ 1, the scaled value would be ≤ (n_points/2)/S. If S is very small, this could push some values above 1. This suggests that the rejection sampling approach might not be reliable.

Another approach: generate the vector as a uniform distribution, then rescale it to satisfy the sum constraint. But this might not ensure that all values are within [0,1]. So, this could lead to some values being clipped, which might not be ideal.

However, in practice, for the initial population, we can generate vectors and then clip them to [0,1], but this might not satisfy the sum constraint. To handle this, we can use an iterative approach: generate a vector, clip it, and then adjust to ensure the sum is exactly n_points/2.

This suggests using a clipping and rescaling process after each step. For example:

def generate_candidate(n_points):
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, size=n_points)
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    scale = (n_points / 2) / sum_h if sum_h != 0 else 1
    h_scaled = h * scale
    h_clipped = np.clip(h_scaled, 0, 1)
    sum_clipped = np.sum(h_clipped)
    # If clippage pushed the sum too low, adjust again
    if sum_clipped < n_points/2 - 1e-6:
        # Some values were clipped, so need to adjust
        # This could be a problem, but for the purposes of initialization, we can consider this as a rejection and try again
        # Alternatively, handle it by scaling further
        # This part is tricky, so perhaps use a rejection approach or adjust the scaling
        pass
    return h_clipped

This is a simplified approach, but implementing this in code might be complex. However, it's a starting point.

Once the candidate is generated, the sum is adjusted to be n_points/2. This process might require multiple iterations, but for the purposes of generating an initial population, this could be done.

Now, with the population generated, the differential evolution algorithm can be applied. The algorithm will evolve the population by selecting pairs of candidates, mutating them, and crossover to create new candidates. After each iteration, the candidates are evaluated, and the best ones are kept.

The objective function is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation over all lags. This can be computed using the np.correlate function as before.

This approach could potentially find better solutions than the previous method by exploring a larger portion of the solution space. Differential evolution is known for its robustness in handling multimodal optimization problems, which makes it suitable for this non-convex problem.

Now, to outline the steps of this new approach:

Approach and rationale:

The key idea is to use a global optimization algorithm, such as differential evolution, to find a solution that minimizes the maximum overlap. This method is more robust to local optima compared to gradient-based approaches. By increasing the n_points and leveraging the differential evolution's exploration capabilities, we can potentially find a better solution than the previous approach.

Mathematical specification:

The optimization problem is to find h ∈ [0,1]^n_points with sum(h) = n_points/2, such that:

minimize C₁ = max_k [∫ h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx ] 

Which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap over all lags k.

The objective function is evaluated by computing the cross-correlation and taking the maximum lag.

Implementation procedure:

1. Validate the parent construction if available. If initial_h_values exists, use it as a starting point. Otherwise, generate random candidate vectors that satisfy the constraints.

2. Initialize a population of candidate h vectors. Each candidate is generated by taking random samples in [0,1], scaling them to have the required sum, and clipping the values to [0,1].

3. Apply the differential evolution algorithm:
   a. For each generation, select pairs of candidates, perform mutation (e.g., random perturbation), crossover to create new candidates.
   b. Evaluate the objective function for each new candidate.
   c. Select the best candidates for the next generation, ensuring the constraints are maintained.
   d. Repeat until the maximum number of generations is reached or the time budget is exhausted.

4. After the optimization, evaluate the best candidate and return it along with the computed C₅ value.

5. Handle edge cases such as solver failures, invalid candidates, or premature convergence by using the parent construction as a fallback.

Search choices and useful variations:

- Default configuration: n_points = 100 for better resolution. Use a population size of 50 and a mutation factor of 0.5.
- Adjust mutation and crossover rates for different problem landscapes.
- If the parent is available, use it as the initial population to accelerate convergence.
- For difficult cases, try increasing the population size or reducing the mutation rate.

Compute budget and robustness:

The differential evolution algorithm's computational cost is O(N * G * n_points), where N is the population size and G is the number of generations. For n_points=100 and N=50, G=100, this would be manageable within the time budget. If the algorithm gets stuck, the parent construction is used as a fallback. The code should periodically save the best candidate to avoid losing progress.

Validation and return contract:

Ensure that each candidate meets the constraints (sum(h) == n_points/2 and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1). Evaluate the final candidate using the original correlation method. Perform sanity checks to verify the objective value and the constraints.

This approach should provide a more robust solution by leveraging global optimization and increased resolution, potentially leading to a lower C₅ value.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
We address the nonconvex optimization problem by employing a differential evolution algorithm that explores the solution space more thoroughly than gradient-based methods. This approach is better suited to avoid local minima and find a lower C₅ value. The key idea is to use a population-based optimization technique, leveraging the lower bound on the Erdős constant and the structure of the overlap integral. By increasing the number of samples (n_points) and using a structured initial guess (parent or random), we aim to improve the upper bound from the previous 0.385296 to below 0.3807.

2. Mathematical specification
- Representation: h ∈ [0, 1]^n_points, with ∑h = n_points/2.
- Objective: minimize C₅ = max_k [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx], where k is any valid lag.
- Constraints:
   - 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
   - ∑h = n_points/2
- Algorithm: Use a differential evolution (DE) algorithm with constraints. Each candidate solution is a vector of h values with the sum constraint enforced. The objective is evaluated via the correlation function, and the algorithm seeks to minimize the maximum overlap.

3. Implementation procedure
Stage 1: Parent validation
- If initial_h_values exists, use it as a starting point and enforce the sum constraint via clipping and rescaling.
- Initialize a population of candidate vectors by generating random values, clipping them to [0, 1], and normalizing to meet the sum constraint.

Stage 2: Optimization loop (Differential Evolution)
- Initialize population with n_points=100 (for higher resolution), and a population size of 50.
- For each generation:
   a) Select three random candidates and perform mutation (e.g., using a random perturbation).
   b) Crossover to produce new candidates, ensuring the sum constraint is maintained.
   c) Evaluate the objective function for each new candidate using max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode="full")) * dx.
   d) Select the best candidates for the next generation based on their objective function value.
   e) Apply clipping and rescaling to any candidate to enforce constraints during mutation/crossover.
- Continuously track the best solution found during the optimization process.

Stage 3: Fallback and termination
- If the time budget is reached, select the best solution found during optimization.
- If the parent construction is available and the optimization fails to improve, use it as the fallback.
- Ensure the final solution meets the constraints exactly (sum(h) = n_points/2) and has entries in [0, 1].

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default configuration:
- n_points = 100 (higher resolution than 42)
- Population size = 50
- Mutation factor = 0.5
- Crossover rate = 0.7
- Max generations = 200
- Adjust mutation and crossover parameters if optimization stalls or fails to converge.
Variations:
- Increase population size or reduce mutation factor for better exploration.
- If the parent is unavailable, use a random initial guess with sum constraint enforcement.
- Try different n_points (e.g., 200) for higher resolution if time permits.

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time allocation:
- Parent validation: O(1)
- Each generation: O(N * n_points) with N=50 and n_points=100 → ~5e4 operations
- With 200 generations: ~1e7 operations; well within 600s
Termination conditions:
- If the time budget is reached, return the best found solution.
- If the optimization fails, fall back to the parent or last valid solution.
Robustness measures:
- Clipping and rescaling after mutation/crossover to maintain constraints.
- Use the parent as a fallback if the optimization fails to generate valid solutions.
- Evaluate the final solution with the exact original correlation method.

6. Validation and return contract
Final checks:
- Verify 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- Confirm ∑h == n_points/2 (within 1e-8 tolerance)
- Re-evaluate C₅ using the original correlation method
- Ensure output shape is (n_points,)
Sanity checks:
- If C₅ exceeds 0.385, revert to parent
- If h contains NaNs/Infs, use last valid solution
- If n_points mismatched, return error
</strategy>