<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdos minimum overlap problem constant C5. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from some initial values. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, understanding the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The C5 value is the maximum of these integrals, and we want to minimize it.

The previous code tried various heuristics like generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps this is too slow or not effective enough. Maybe I can find a smarter way to explore the search space.

Hmm, the main issue with the previous approach is that it uses a lot of different guesses and maybe isn't efficient. Since the time budget is tight (100 seconds), I need an approach that's more efficient. Let me think about different methods.

Alternative idea: Maybe use a genetic algorithm? Or maybe use gradient-based methods with better initializations. Or perhaps use a different optimization strategy, like Bayesian optimization. But I need to keep it within the allowed libraries. The available libraries include scipy, numpy, and some optimization solvers.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a better initial guess can help, but how? Or perhaps trying different optimization routines. Also, maybe the current approach is not exploring enough the parameter space.

Another thought: The problem is similar to designing a function that avoids overlapping too much with its shifted versions. So perhaps there's a way to structure h(x) as a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries or periodicity. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Let me think about the current initial_h_values. Since the initial values are provided, perhaps I can start from there. The initial_h_values has 45 points, which might be too large, but maybe I can try smaller n_points to speed things up.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe reducing the number of points could help. But the current code uses 45 points. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 30, 40, etc., might be better. Wait, but the user wants to find a better bound, so perhaps using a larger n_points could allow for a more precise function, but it would take longer. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so maybe the previous code had 45 points and maybe increased n_points could be better, but I need to check.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach of using multiple guesses is too slow. Let me think about the code structure. The code first generates several guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.) and optimizes them with SLSQP. Then runs differential evolution, then refines. But maybe this is too time-consuming. For example, differential evolution with 120 population and maxiter=70 could take a while.

An alternative idea: Use a more efficient optimization method. For example, maybe using the genetic algorithm (differential evolution might be good, but maybe with adjusted parameters) or maybe using a different initial guess strategy. Also, perhaps using a different way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k. The key is to minimize the maximum value across these shifts. So perhaps the optimal function h(x) is such that for all shifts, the overlap is similar, i.e., balanced. How can I model that?

Alternatively, think about the problem as a minimax optimization. Maybe using a gradient-based method with constraints. But how to handle the nonlinear constraints?

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a constraint that the integral is 1. That's correct. But maybe there are other constraints that can be considered, but not sure.

Another idea: Maybe use a different parameterization for h. For example, instead of a step function with arbitrary samples, perhaps model h as a combination of basis functions. But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a convolution. The overlap integral for a given shift k is the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k. Wait, but since the integral is over x and x + k, it's like a cross-correlation. So the maximum of the cross-correlation, scaled by dx.

So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So perhaps trying to design h such that its cross-correlation is as low as possible.

In signal processing, cross-correlation is important. Maybe there are known techniques for constructing signals with low cross-correlation. For example, using orthogonal functions, or binary sequences with good autocorrelation properties. But h is a step function, not necessarily binary.

Wait, but in this problem, the h(x) is a step function, meaning it's piecewise constant. So perhaps the optimal h is a binary step function (i.e., takes values 0 or 1), but with the integral 1. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area is 1. So for example, with 2 units of length, if h is 0.5 over the entire interval, the integral is 1. So maybe the optimal function is a constant 0.5? But that would have overlap integrals equal to (0.5)(1 - 0.5) = 0.25 for all shifts. But wait, the maximum would be 0.25, which is better than the current record. Wait, but that can't be right. Wait, perhaps I'm misunderstanding the integral.

Wait, the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If h is constant 0.5, then h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) = 0.5(1 - 0.5) = 0.25, and the integral would be 0.25 * 2 (the length of the interval). Wait, no, dx is 2.0 / n_points. So the integral would be 0.25 * 2 = 0.5? Wait, the code scales by dx. Let me check.

In the code, the overlap integral is computed as np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx. The np.correlate function returns the sum over the shifted products. So if h is constant 0.5, then 1 - h is 0.5. The cross-correlation would be the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) for various shifts k. For each k, this is 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25. The sum over x would be 0.25 * 2 (since the interval is 2). Wait, but the code uses dx = 2 / n_points. So when you multiply by dx, the total integral would be 0.25 * 2 ?

Wait, np.correlate returns the sum of products for each shift. The integral is that sum multiplied by dx. For example, if dx is 2 / n_points, then the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx would be the sum of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) * dx. So if h is constant 0.5, then the sum over x (h(x) * (1 - h(x +k))) ) is 0.25 * n_points. Multiplying by dx (2 / n_points) gives 0.25 * 2. So the integral becomes 0.5.

But that would be the value for each shift k. So the maximum would be 0.5. But the current best is 0.38, which is better than that. So using a constant 0.5 is worse. So perhaps the optimal h is not a constant. Therefore, the initial approach that tried various waveforms is better.

Hmm. So back to the problem. How can I improve the previous code?

Possibly, the previous code tried many different initial guesses, but perhaps there's a better way to generate those guesses. Also, the code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe those methods aren't the most effective here.

Another idea: Instead of using SLSQP with multiple initial guesses, perhaps use a more global optimization approach, like Bayesian optimization, which can be more efficient in exploration. But scipy doesn't have a built-in Bayesian optimizer. Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm, which is more likely to explore the search space.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but with parameters like popsize, maxiter, etc. Maybe adjusting those parameters could make it faster and more effective. For example, using a smaller population size, but more iterations. Or using a different recombination strategy.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach: use differential evolution to generate good initial guesses, then refine with SLSQP.

Another thought: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the cross-correlation, maybe the function h should be designed to have low cross-correlation with itself. This is similar to the concept of low autocorrelation in sequences, like in Golay sequences or other sequences with good correlation properties. Perhaps using such sequences as the basis for the function h.

But how to translate that into a step function. For example, for a binary sequence, a low autocorrelation would mean that the cross-correlation is low. However, h is a step function, so maybe the function is periodic, with certain values in intervals.

Another approach: Maybe use a combination of segments with different values. For example, partition the interval [0, 2] into several intervals, each assigned a value between 0 and 1, ensuring that the integral is 1. Then, the overlap with shifted versions of the function would be minimized.

But how to find such segments? It's a combinatorial optimization problem, which could be complex. However, with the constraints, perhaps using an optimization approach with a small number of parameters could work.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with some initial guesses, then uses optimization steps. Maybe I can improve by focusing more on certain types of functions. For example, perhaps using functions with periodicity or symmetry.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess strategy. The current code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses would help find better solutions.

Another idea: Instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe try different n_points. The current code uses the initial_h_values with 45 points. Maybe trying a smaller n_points first could lead to faster computation, allowing for more iterations. For example, trying with n_points=30 or 20, then maybe refining with higher n_points.

But how to adjust the code? The initial_h_values is provided, but if no parent construction exists, I need to create a starting vector. However, the problem states that if initial_h_values exists, use it directly. So maybe I can start with the given initial_h_values, which is 45 points. But perhaps using a different n_points, but that's not clear. Wait, no. The code seems to use the same n_points as the initial_h_values. So the previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe that's too high for the time budget. Let's see: 45 points, differential evolution with 120 population and 70 iterations. Each evaluation of the objective function takes time, so maybe that's too slow.

Alternatively, perhaps reducing the n_points. Let me think: For example, using n_points=30. Then dx is 2/30 ≈ 0.0667. The sum of h must be 15 (30/2). But perhaps with smaller n_points, the optimization is faster and can explore more possibilities.

But the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe reducing the number of points can help. However, the current best record is with n_points=45, so maybe there's a need to balance between fidelity and speed.

Wait, but the problem is to find the minimal C5. Maybe using more points allows for a more precise function. But given the time, perhaps it's better to try with smaller n_points first. For example, n_points=30.

But the initial_h_values might be of size 45. So if the user provides initial_h_values, then the code uses that. But if not, we need to generate our own. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available. So the code can start with that.

Another possible improvement: The previous code uses the same initial h_values. Instead, maybe start with some other initial guess. For example, a binary function. For example, if the integral is 1, then h is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other. But since the interval is [0, 2], it would be 1 for [0, 1] and 0 for [1, 2]. Then, for any shift k, the overlap would be the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)). For k in [0, 1], the overlap would be the integral over x=0 to 1 of 1 * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. If k is in [0,1], then x +k ranges from 0 to 1+k, so for x from 0 to 1 -k, h(x +k) is 1, and for x from 1 -k to 1, h(x +k) is 0. So the integral becomes:

Integral from 0 to 1 -k of 1*(1 - 1) dx + integral from 1 -k to 1 of 1*(1 - 0) dx = 0 + (k) * 1 = k.

So the maximum of k is 1, which leads to a C5 of 1. That's worse than the current record. So binary functions are not helpful here.

Another idea: Maybe use a function that's 0.5 everywhere. Then, the integral is 0.5 * 2 = 1, satisfying the constraint. The overlap integral for any shift would be 0.5*0.5 * 2 = 0.5. So C5 is 0.5. Which is worse than the current record. So that's not helpful.

So perhaps the optimal function is more complex, with varying values.

Back to the previous code: The code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Let me think about the optimization parameters. The SLSQP method has maxiter=150 and ftol=1e-12, which could be quite slow. Also, differential evolution uses popsize=120, maxiter=70, which might be too slow as well. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or using a more efficient optimizer could help.

Another thought: The problem has symmetry. For example, shifting the function by 2 units would give the same result. So perhaps the function can be designed to be periodic with period 1, but over [0,2]. This could reduce the number of parameters. However, I'm not sure.

Alternatively, since the overlap for shift k and shift 2-k might be symmetric, maybe we can exploit that to reduce the number of shifts to optimize over. But it's unclear how to incorporate that into the optimization.

Another approach: Maybe use a gradient-based method with analytical gradients. However, the objective function is the maximum of convolutions, which is non-differentiable. So it's challenging. Perhaps using a smooth approximation to the maximum function.

Alternatively, use a penalty method, where the objective is the maximum of the overlaps, but with some smoothing. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Another idea: Instead of trying to minimize the maximum directly, perhaps use a sequential approach. For example, first minimize the overlap for a specific shift, then adjust for other shifts. However, this is not straightforward and might lead to local minima.

Hmm. Let me think about possible changes to the code. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates several guesses, then optimizes them. Maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses, such as using different frequencies or patterns, could help find better solutions.

Another idea: The current code uses sawtooth and triangle wave functions. What if I try other types of waveforms, like square waves or other periodic functions? Or maybe use a combination of multiple waveforms?

Alternatively, use a function that has a certain pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, a symmetric pattern that ensures that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is low.

Another possible optimization step: Instead of using the same optimization parameters for all runs, maybe adjust them based on the current best solution. For example, if the best solution is close to the desired bound, reduce the number of iterations to save time.

Wait, the previous code runs multiple iterations of differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe combining these with a better initial guess could help. Also, using a different optimization strategy, like using the LBFGS method with constraints.

But the code uses scipy.optimize's methods. Let's think about the parameters.

Another Idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the function should be designed such that each shift k has a similar overlap. So, the C5 is the maximum of these, so if all are balanced, then the maximum is minimized.

Maybe using a function with uniform overlap across shifts. How can that be achieved? For example, a function that is a sequence of alternating high and low values in a way that when shifted, the overlap remains constant.

But how to model that. Maybe using a periodic function with certain properties.

But developing such a function requires a deep understanding of the problem, which might be challenging.

Another thought: The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations could lead to better convergence. But that would increase the time, which may be an issue.

Alternatively, reduce the number of steps but use a more efficient solver. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients but might be slower.

Alternatively, use a global optimization method like the 'basinhopping' algorithm, which can escape local minima. However, this is an additional method that might not be in the allowed libraries. But scipy has 'basinhopping' in its optimization module. Let me check.

Yes, scipy.optimize has basinhopping, which is a global optimization method that combines local optimization with random perturbations. So perhaps using it could help find better solutions.

But integrating this into the code might take time. However, given the time constraints, this could be a better approach than differential evolution.

So perhaps the previous code should include using basinhopping to explore the space more thoroughly, then refine with SLSQP.

Another Idea: Let's try to use a combination of methods. For example, first generate a few good initial guesses using different waveforms, then use basinhopping to explore around them, then refine with SLSQP.

But to fit within the time budget, we need to make the steps efficient.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation to explore the search space. However, the scipy library's differential evolution is already a genetic algorithm, but perhaps adjusting its parameters could help.

Another Idea: The problem requires minimizing the maximum of certain integrals. Perhaps instead of trying to optimize the maximum directly, we can use a surrogate model or other heuristic.

But this might be too vague. Let's think about the code again.

The current code has a function that evaluates the overlap as the maximum of the correlation. The code uses the 'full' mode of numpy.correlate, which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values, multiplied by dx, gives C5.

So, the key is to find a function h such that the maximum of these cross-correlation values is as small as possible.

Another possible optimization: Since the integral constraint is fixed, we can use methods that incorporate this constraint directly. For example, during optimization, any sample that doesn't satisfy sum(h) = 15 (for n_points=30) is adjusted.

But again, the previous code already uses that.

Another Idea: Perhaps the problem is similar to designing a function that has low mutual information with its shifted versions. This is related to coding theory and signal design. For example, in radar or communication systems, low autocorrelation sequences are desired to minimize interference. Maybe applying similar principles.

For example, using a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. However, since the function h is stepwise and can take values between 0 and 1, this opens up possibilities beyond binary sequences.

But how to generate such a sequence? It's unclear, but perhaps some insights from coding theory can be applied.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of linear algebra. Let's suppose the function h is a vector h of length n_points. The overlap integrals for various shifts k are linear functions of h. However, the objective is to minimize the maximum of these linear functions. This is a convex optimization problem if it were to minimize the maximum of linear functions. But since the objective is non-convex (the maximum of linear functions), it's not straightforward.

Wait, the maximum of linear functions is a convex function, so the problem of minimizing the maximum is a convex optimization problem. Wait, no. The maximum of linear functions is convex, so minimizing a convex function over a convex set (since the constraints are linear) is a convex optimization problem. So perhaps I can model this as a convex optimization problem.

But how to implement this in the given code. The previous code uses non-convex methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. However, the problem is that the function to minimize is convex, but the constraints are linear. So, technically, this is a convex optimization problem, and a convex solver could handle it.

But convex optimization for this problem requires solving a convex problem. However, the constraint is that the sum of h is fixed, and the variables are in [0, 1]. The objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). 

But the maximum is a convex function, and the cross-correlation terms are linear in h. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of (cross-correlation terms). However, the maximum is not a linear function. But for convex optimization, if the problem can be rephrased as a semi-definite program or other form, it might be solvable. However, I'm not sure how to model this.

Alternatively, use a convex optimization approach with a relaxation. For example, add a variable z, and for each k, have constraint that the cross-correlation for shift k is ≤ z. Then, minimize z. This becomes a convex optimization problem with variables h and z. But with n_points different cross-correlation terms, it would require n_points constraints. This could be feasible with a solver that supports such constraints, but the available solvers in scipy might not support this directly. For example, cvxpy can handle this, but the user has access to solvers like ECOS, etc.

So perhaps using a convex optimization approach could be more efficient. However, the previous code uses non-convex methods, but for this problem, perhaps a convex approach is possible. Let me try to outline this.

Let me think. For each possible k (shift), compute the cross-correlation. For a given shift k, the cross-correlation is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Assuming dx is 2/n_points, which is the same as the step size. The cross-correlation for shift k can be expressed as the sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[(i + shift) % n_points] ) * dx, where shift is in some range. Wait, but the original problem has the integral over x from 0 to 2, and for each shift k, the overlap is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This integral depends on the shift k, which can be any real number. However, since h is a step function with discrete samples, the cross-correlation would be computed at discrete shifts. But the code uses numpy.correlate with mode='full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts.

But for the purpose of optimization, the maximum of these cross-correlation values is what we need to minimize. However, since k can be any real number, it's challenging. However, given that the function is stepwise and has n_points samples, the relevant shifts would be the ones corresponding to the positions of the samples. This might be a way to model it.

But I'm not sure. Even if I model it as a finite set of shifts, the problem of minimizing the maximum across these shifts is still a non-convex problem.

So, going back, perhaps the previous code's approach is the best possible within the given time frame, but with some adjustments.

Now, considering the previous code's structure, I can think about modifying it to use different initial guesses, or to optimize more efficiently. For example, instead of using generating various waves, maybe focus on generating better initial guesses by varying the parameters more.

Another Idea: Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, and then apply several refinements with different optimization methods, such as SLSQP with different constraints or using LBFGS.

Alternatively, using the previous code's structure but with a more efficient exploration of the search space. For example, reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on the most promising ones.

But given the time constraints, I need to make the code as efficient as possible.

Another Idea: Use the initial_h_values and perform a local optimization with SLSQP, then use a few iterations of differential evolution with a smaller population size to explore nearby solutions.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach, such as using differential evolution with a small population and high mutation rate to find better initial points, then refine with SLSQP.

Let me think about how to adjust the code.

First, note that the previous code uses a number of initial guesses, including ones generated with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe generating more initial guesses could help, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the starting point and try to refine it with more sophisticated methods.

Another Idea: Instead of using the full set of initial guesses, focus on a few well-chosen ones. For example, generate a few different waveforms, then optimize those.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values and apply differential evolution with a lower number of iterations but higher population, then refine.

Another Idea: Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, using a larger population size might help in finding better solutions, but with the given time, it's a trade-off.

Another Idea: Use the initial_h_values and apply a more aggressive optimization. For example, increase the maximum number of iterations in the optimization steps.

But how to balance this with the time budget.

Alternatively, since the previous code's best solution is around 0.381, perhaps I can try to refine it further by using more aggressive optimization steps.

Another Idea: Increase the number of refine steps. In the previous code, after the initial optimizations, there's a refinement phase with 10 iterations. Maybe increasing that number could help.

But again, time is limited.

Given all these thoughts, I think the best approach is to build upon the previous code but make the following adjustments:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps by varying parameters of different waveforms.
3. Use different optimization methods, such as basinhopping or modified differential evolution.
4. Reduce the number of initial guesses to save time.
5. Optimize parameters of the differential evolution (e.g., population size, mutation rate) to get faster convergence.
6. Perform more refine steps with SLSQP.

But given the code structure, I need to implement these changes efficiently.

Another Idea: Replace the differential evolution with a more efficient global optimization method, like basinhopping, which can escape local minima. Let me try to modify the code to use basinhopping.

Here's a possible approach:

- Use the initial guess as starting point.
- Use basinhopping to explore the space around it.
- Refine the best solution found with SLSQP.
- Also, generate some other initial guesses and optimize them.

This could potentially find better solutions than the previous approach.

Let me outline the code changes:

- Introduce a basinhopping optimization step.
- Use it after the initial SLSQP steps.
- Adjust the parameters of basinhopping to make it efficient.

But I need to make sure the code is within the time limits.

Another Idea: Since the previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP, maybe combining them with basinhopping could help. However, the code would need to be adjusted.

Alternatively, focus on using basinhopping for global exploration and then SLSQP for local refinement.

Let me try to plan the code structure:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Use basinhopping to find a good initial guess.
- Use SLSQP to refine this guess.
- Repeat with other initial guesses.

But the code can only run within 100 seconds.

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to use the initial_h_values, perform a few rounds of basinhopping and SLSQP, and then refine further.

But how to implement this in code.

Now, I need to write the code with these ideas in mind.

But I also need to make sure that the code is within the 300-line limit and uses the required helper functions and parameters.

Finally, considering all these thoughts, I'll proceed to write the code that uses the initial guess, applies basinhopping with a few steps, then refines with SLSQP. I'll also try to reduce the number of initial guesses and focus on the most effective optimization steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    def bh_guess(g):
        res = optimize.basinhopping(obj, g, niter=20, T=1.0, stepsize=0.5, minimizer_kwargs={"method": "L-BFGS-B", "bounds": bounds, "constraints": [{"type": "eq", "fun": cons}]})
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = bh_guess(best_h)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```