<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and our target is to get lower than that, specifically 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand what the problem is asking. The overlap integral is defined as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, we need to find a step function h that minimizes this maximum value. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1. 

The previous code used a combination of different guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, and then refined them with SLSQP and differential evolution. The current best is 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target. So, I need to find a better approach.

Hmm, maybe the previous approach isn't efficient enough. Let's think about the possible ways to improve. One idea is to use a different optimization strategy or a better initial guess. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there are other methods or hyperparameters that can be adjusted.

Wait, the problem mentions using numerical optimization techniques. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. Also, maybe using a different initial guess can lead to a better result. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe modifying that initial guess or using a different starting point could help.

Another thought: perhaps the current method is getting stuck in local optima. So introducing more diversity in the initial guesses or using a different search strategy could help. For example, instead of starting with fixed shapes (pulses, sawtooth), maybe generate more varied initial configurations.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values have n=45, which is manageable. So maybe keeping n_points the same is better for speed.

Wait, the problem says that the current program uses n_points=45. But maybe using a different n_points could be better? However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. But since the target is to get a lower C5, maybe increasing n_points could allow for a more precise function, but that would require more computation time. But the time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to be careful with the number of points.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering the structure of h. Since h is a step function, perhaps arranging it in a way that overlaps with its shifted versions are minimized. For example, creating a shape that has regions where it's 1 and 0, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x +k)). To minimize the maximum of this over all k. So, the function h should be such that for any shift, the overlap isn't too large. 

Maybe a good approach is to model h as a periodic function with certain properties. But since the domain is [0, 2], perhaps using a function that tiles the interval in a way that avoids high overlap when shifted. 

Another idea is to use a construction that's derived from known solutions. For example, the current best might be using a specific pattern that's been optimized. But since the user says to avoid copying the initial values, I need to come up with a new construction.

Wait, the previous code uses a combination of different waveforms. What if we use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses? Like generating random starting points with different structures. 

Moreover, the previous code uses differential evolution for a few steps. Maybe using a global optimization method that's more parallelizable or has better convergence could help. However, with only 1 CPU, maybe that's not possible. 

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, implementing a genetic algorithm in Python with scipy might be complex. Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, but that's more advanced and might take longer to implement.

Alternatively, could we use a different constraint handling method? The current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints for the sum. Maybe using a penalty method would be more effective? Or perhaps adjusting the tolerances and other parameters in the optimization.

Wait, the code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP could lead to better results. But the time budget is tight. 

Another thought: the current code has a 'refine' step that uses SLSQP again. Maybe adding more steps of refinement could help, but that might take more time. Alternatively, using a different method for refinement, like a basin-hopping algorithm, which could escape local minima.

Also, the evaluation of the objective function (C5) is done via numpy.correlate. The previous code uses the full mode, which gives the cross-correlation over all possible shifts. However, for the integral over x, shifting by k and integrating over x, the full mode's output is (n_points - 1 + 1) = 2n_points - 1. Wait, no: for full mode, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts, including both positive and negative. Wait, the original problem's integral is over [0, 2], and when shifted by k, the overlap would be considered over x in [0, 2 -k] if k is positive. So, the cross-correlation for full mode would give the integral over all shifts, but the actual integral for each k is only valid when the shift k is within the domain. 

Wait, the original integral is for k such that x + k is still in [0, 2]. So, for each shift k, the integral is over x where x is in [0, 2 -k]. But the cross-correlation in numpy.correlate with mode 'full' gives for each possible shift, but I'm not sure if that's exactly equivalent to the integral. Maybe the code is approximating the integral by evaluating at discrete points, so for the purpose of the problem, it's acceptable.

But perhaps there's a better way to compute the max overlap. However, for the current code, the approach is already in place. 

So, returning to the problem. The previous code's best was 0.381142. The target is to get lower than 0.380876. How can we improve this? 

Maybe the key is to generate better initial guesses. The current code uses a few specific waveforms and some random guesses. Maybe trying to generate initial guesses that are more optimized. For example, using a construction that has more symmetrical properties, or using a structure that avoids high overlap for all shifts.

Another idea: the function h needs to be as spread out as possible. So perhaps a function that is 1 on some regions and 0 on others, but arranged in such a way that overlapping with any shift doesn't create significant intersections. 

For example, if h is a square wave that is 1 on intervals of length 1 and 0 elsewhere, but adjusted to have integral 1 over [0, 2]. However, such a function would have overlaps when shifted by 0.5, which would give a high overlap. 

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern like a triangular wave, or a step function that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe modifying those could help. But the user says not to copy the initial values, so I need to generate a new initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's a more optimized version. For example, generating a function that is designed to have certain symmetry. 

Another approach: think about the problem as a optimization problem in the space of functions h, with constraints. Since h is a step function, perhaps we can model it as a binary vector, but with more points. However, the optimization is over real numbers between 0 and 1. 

But given the computational constraints, it's better to use numerical optimization methods. 

Maybe using a different algorithm for the optimization. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. What if we use a different method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing? However, implementing those might be complex. 

Alternatively, can we use the fact that the problem is a constrained optimization and use a better optimization method with more advanced parameters? For example, adjusting the tolerance parameters, increasing the number of iterations, or using a more efficient method. 

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 150 iterations and then refines it again. Maybe increasing the number of iterations might help. Or using a more efficient method like COBYLA, which handles bounds. 

Alternatively, using the trust-constr method in scipy.optimize, which is more robust. 

But considering the time budget, maybe we can find a way to optimize the parameters. 

Another idea: the code uses multiple initial guesses. Maybe generating a larger number of initial guesses, especially ones that are more diverse, could help find a better solution. For example, instead of generating a few pulses and sawtooth, generate a variety of patterns that are more likely to lead to a better C5.

Wait, the current code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random. But perhaps generating more random guesses or using different waveforms. Or perhaps creating initial guesses that have more complex structures, like combining multiple pulses or using a more sophisticated pattern.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more starting points, but that could take more time. 

Wait, the code also has a 'refine' step, which applies SLSQP again. Maybe doing more refine steps could help, but again, time is a constraint. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to a coverage problem where you want to minimize the overlap when shifting the function. So perhaps a better approach is to model the function h as having regions that are 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

For example, a function that alternates between high and low regions periodically. But the domain is [0, 2], which is a bit short. 

Let me think about the optimal case. Suppose the function h is such that for any shift k, the overlap integral is as small as possible. This would require that h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are as uncorrelated as possible. 

This seems similar to designing a signal with good autocorrelation properties, like in radar or communication systems. But perhaps the problem is related to constructing a function with low autocorrelation. 

In that case, the optimal function would be a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/n, but arranged in a way that shifts of k don't align the intervals. 

But given that the integral is 1, the function must have area 1 over [0,2]. So, for example, if n=45, the average value of h is 0.5. 

Wait, the initial_h_values are for n=45. Let me check the sum. The sum of h is n_points / 2 = 45 / 2 = 22.5. So the average is 0.5. 

So, if the function is designed to have intervals where it is 1 and 0, arranged such that shifting it doesn't cause overlap. For example, if h is 1 on [0, 0.5], [1, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere, then the integral would be 0.5 * 2 = 1. However, when shifted by 0.5, the overlap would be the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x+0.5)). For x in [0, 0.5], h(x)=1 and h(x+0.5) is 1 if x+0.5 ∈ [0,0.5] or [1,1.5]. So x+0.5 is in [0.5, 1], which is outside the intervals where h is 1. Thus, 1 - h(x+0.5) is 1 in this case, so the integral would be 0.5 * 1 = 0.5. But for shifts where the intervals overlap, the overlap would be higher. 

But this is a very simplistic example. Perhaps a more complex construction could lead to lower overlaps.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses spread out in the interval. For example, using a pattern that has multiple high regions, but spaced such that when shifted, the overlap between any two is minimized. 

But constructing such a function would require careful design. 

Alternatively, using a function that is based on the initial_h_values but with some modifications. Since the initial_h_values might be close to the optimal, perhaps tweaking them could lead to better results. 

But the problem is that the current code starts with the initial_h_values and then uses optimization steps. However, maybe there's a better way to start. 

Another approach: the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a combination of different optimization methods, and adjusting their parameters. For example, using a more aggressive initial search with differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP. 

But how to implement that in code? 

Another thought: perhaps the current code is not exploring enough of the search space. Increasing the number of initial guesses or using a more systematic grid search could help. However, with limited time, that might not be feasible. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which might converge faster. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve the optimization steps. 

Let me think: in the current code, the initial guesses are generated with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe generating more initial guesses would help. For example, using a combination of different waveforms with varying frequencies and duty cycles. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach to generate initial guesses. So, for example, create a population of functions and evolve them by mutation and crossover. But implementing that in Python with scipy might be complex. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of using gen_pulses and gen_saw, generating functions that are more tailored to minimize overlaps. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the max overlap, perhaps the function h should be such that the shifts that cause the highest overlap are minimized. For example, the worst shift is when the overlap is maximized. 

But how to find that shift? Maybe the optimal h is designed to have equal or similar overlaps for all shifts. 

Alternatively, using a constructive approach. For example, designing h in a way that for any shift k, the overlap is approximately the same value. 

But how to do that computationally? 

Perhaps the key is to use a more sophisticated optimization strategy. Let me think about the previous code's approach: it uses SLSQP with some initial guesses and then refines with differential evolution and SLSQP again. 

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to the optimization getting stuck in local minima. So generating a larger set of initial guesses could help. 

For example, instead of generating a few pulses and sawtooth, generate more variations. Also, maybe using a more systematic way to create initial guesses, like using multiple frequencies or different duty cycles. 

Alternatively, using random walks or perturbations of the initial_h_values. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to generate more initial guesses and refine them more thoroughly. 

So, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses from 20 to 50, and using more diverse patterns. 

Another possible improvement: in the differential evolution step, use a larger population size to explore more of the search space. 

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with a maximum of 150 iterations and then refines with 200 steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. 

Another thought: the function obj is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the optimization can be done by trying to minimize each cross-correlation value in turn. But this is not straightforward. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization approach that takes into account the maximum value directly. For example, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum value plus a penalty for violating the constraints. 

But the current code already uses this approach by minimizing the obj function, which is the max of the cross-correlation. 

Hmm. Let me think about the code structure. 

The code starts with the initial_h_values. Then, it creates a list of guesses, including some generated waveforms and random guesses. Then, for each guess, it applies SLSQP optimization. The best result so far is kept. 

Then, it uses differential evolution for a few iterations, and then refines the best guess again with SLSQP. 

To improve this, maybe the generated guess list can be expanded with more patterns. For example, adding more waveform types or varying parameters. 

Another idea: instead of using the same parameters for all waveforms, vary the parameters more. For example, generate pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Similarly for sawtooth and triangle waves. 

Also, the previous code uses a fixed e.g., frequency of 3 for the pulses. Maybe using higher frequencies could lead to better results. 

Additionally, generating random guesses with different distributions might help. For example, generating functions that have varying step patterns. 

But considering that the time budget is tight, we need to find a balance between exploring the search space and refining the best guess. 

An alternative approach is to use a more efficient optimization library. For example, using the cvxpy library with a different solver. However, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which is available. 

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes np.correlate(h_vals, 1-h_vals, 'full'), which gives the cross-correlation. The max of this is multiplied by dx to get the integral. 

Wait, but for the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, the code uses the cross-correlation values. However, the cross-correlation is computed over all possible shifts. But how does this map to the integral? 

The cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) at shift k is sum_{x} h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) * dx. But since dx is the spacing between points, the sum multiplied by dx is the integral. So the code is correct. 

So, the current code is correct in that sense. 

Now, considering all these thoughts, how can the code be modified to get a better C5?

Perhaps the most straightforward way is to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more waveforms, varying frequencies, and using different distributions for the random guesses. 

Additionally, perhaps using the initial_h_values as a starting guess but perturbed in some way. 

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, perhaps start with a more optimal guess. For example, using a construction that has been known to perform well. 

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say. 

Alternatively, modifying the existing code to generate more initial guesses. For example, increasing the number of different waveforms and their parameters. 

Also, adjusting the parameters for the optimization methods. For example, using a higher population size for differential evolution, or increasing the number of iterations. 

But given the time constraints, increasing the population size for differential evolution might take longer. 

So, in the previous code, for the differential evolution step, it runs for 70 iterations with a population size of 120. That's quite high. Maybe reducing the population size and increasing the number of iterations could be better. 

But the time budget is tight. 

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the differential evolution is used for more iterations but with a lower population size. 

Another possible improvement: the current code uses SLSQP with the same bounds and constraints for all optimizations. Maybe adding more constraints or changing the optimization method's settings could lead to better results. 

For example, using a different tolerance or adjusting the options parameter. 

In the current code, the SLSQP optimization has options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12}. Perhaps reducing ftol could lead to faster convergence, but not sure. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value, maybe the gradient is not well-suited for SLSQP. However, given that the code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method, this might be the case. 

But without knowing more about the objective function's behavior, it's hard to say. 

In summary, the key improvements could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.
3. Use more sophisticated optimization strategies, like combining different algorithms.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps or iterations.

So, modifying the existing code to include more initial guesses and refining them more thoroughly.

For example, in the code's guesses list, instead of a few waveform types, generate more variations. Also, maybe using a different random seed for the random guesses. 

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.). Maybe generating more guesses by varying the frequencies and duty cycles. 

For instance, instead of frequencies 3-10, generate more frequencies. 

But the previous code already has frequencies from 3 to 10, which is a range. 

Another idea: generate more guesses by varying the duty cycles and other parameters. 

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating the initial guesses, such as creating functions with different periodic patterns. 

But given the time, let's proceed to modify the existing code to include more initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps.

Another possible improvement: the current code's refine step uses SLSQP for 200 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help further refine the solution. 

But again, time is a factor. 

Perhaps also using a different optimization method in the refine step. For example, using the trust-constr method, which may handle constraints better. 

However, for the purpose of this code, let's modify the existing code to include more initial guesses and adjust the parameters. 

So, the plan is:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying different parameters for waveforms.
- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Use more aggressive optimization steps.
- Adjust the optimization method's parameters for better convergence.

Now, let's think about how to implement this. 

In the existing code's 'guesses' list, the code adds:

- Pulses with frequencies 3-10.
- Sawtooth with duty cycles 0.2, 0.3, etc.
- Triangle with same duties.
- Random guesses.

To expand this, perhaps:

- Add more pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Add more waveforms like square, sawtooth, triangle, and others.
- Use more random guesses.

But how? For example, adding more pulses with frequencies from 3 to 15, and varying duty cycle. 

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating guesses. 

Another idea: instead of generating fixed waveforms, generate a more diverse set by combining different functions. 

But given time constraints, modifying the existing code to generate more guesses seems feasible. 

So, the code can be modified to generate more guesses. For example, for pulses, use a wider frequency range, and for sawtooth and triangle, use more duty cycles. 

Also, perhaps using a different random seed for the random guesses. 

Additionally, in the refine steps, increasing the number of iterations. 

Another possible adjustment: in the differential evolution step, using a larger number of iterations and a different mutation/recombination strategy. 

Putting all this together, the modified code would have:

- More initial guesses.
- Adjusted parameters for optimization.
- More refinement steps.

Now, considering the previous code, here's how to proceed.

The previous code had:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 11):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

To expand this, perhaps:

- Add more frequencies for pulses (e.g., 3 to 15).
- Add more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle.
- Add more random guesses.

But this might increase the number of guesses, which could take more time. 

Alternatively, generating within the same range but with more values. 

Another idea: generate a large number of random guesses to cover more of the search space. 

Additionally, in the code's refine steps, let's increase the number of refine iterations. 

Another adjustment: use the trust-constr method in the SLSQP steps, which might offer better performance. 

But the previous code uses 'SLSQP', which might be the best available. 

So, to summarize, the modified code would generate more initial guesses and refine them more thoroughly. 

Now, translating this into code. 

The user's previous code has a function gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. So, expanding these.

For example, in the for loop for pulses, range(3, 15) instead of 3-10. Or varying duty cycle. 

For example:

for freq in range(3, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5)) 

Similarly for sawtooth and triangle, adding more duty cycles. 

But for the sake of time, perhaps adding more frequencies for pulses and more duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle. 

Additionally, using a different random seed for the random guesses. 

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, and then adding more random guesses. 

But the initial_h_values are already in the guesses list. 

Another thought: the code could use a better random generation for the initial guesses. For example, generating functions that are more spread out. 

But I think the key is to generate more initial guesses and refine them more. 

Thus, the modified code would generate more initial guesses and refine them with more iterations. 

Now, implementing this in code. 

In the previous code's guesses generator, expanding the range of frequencies for pulses and adding more duty cycles for other waveforms. 

For example:

for freq in range(3, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

Then, adding more random guesses.

Also, increasing the number of random guesses. 

But this might take longer, so need to balance it. 

Another adjustment: in the differential evolution step, use a smaller population size and more iterations, but with a smaller population to save time. 

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 70 iterations with a population size of 120. Maybe reducing the population size to 80, and increasing the iterations to 80, but it's a guess. 

Alternatively, using more iterations and a smaller population. 

But considering the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. 

In the refine step, increasing the number of refinement steps. 

Another idea: instead of using a single refinement step, use multiple refinement steps, each with SLSQP. 

But the code already has a loop for 10 iterations. 

So, the modified code would generate more guesses and refine them more thoroughly. 

Now, the code would be adjusted as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Increase the number of iterations for optimization steps.
- Possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

Thus, in code:

The previous code's guesses are extended to include more waveforms and duty cycles. 

Additionally, in the refine loops, increasing the number of iterations. 

Putting this all together, the final code would be the previous code with these modifications.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a combination of different functions and parameters to cover more of the search space. 

In the end, the code will be adjusted to generate more initial guesses and refine them more thoroughly, leading to a better C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=90, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```