<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods. It starts with an initial guess and then explores various pulse and sawtooth functions. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. So, the goal is to design h such that all these overlaps are as small as possible.

The initial approach uses a fixed set of guess functions, which might not be sufficient. Maybe I can explore different types of functions or use more advanced optimization techniques.

Another idea: instead of using simple pulse or sawtooth waves, maybe using more complex patterns that can better distribute the 1s and 0s. Since the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], h needs to be a function with a certain density of 1s. Maybe using a combination of different pulse trains with varying frequencies and phases could help.

Wait, the current code starts with a given initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess would help. The initial guess is a 45-point array. Let me see if there's a way to generate a better initial guess, perhaps by using a more optimal structure.

Also, the optimization is constrained by the integral being exactly 1. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution might be good for global search, but maybe for some parts, a more efficient method could be used. For example, using a genetic algorithm or other evolutionary methods.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps it's beneficial to regularize the optimization to penalize high overlaps. But how to incorporate that into the objective function?

Alternatively, maybe breaking the problem into smaller parts. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and then optimizing the placement and widths of these regions. But this might become complex as the number of regions increases.

Another approach is to consider the dual problem. The maximum overlap corresponds to the worst-case shift k. So, for each k, the integral over the overlap is to be minimized. However, this is a max-min problem, which is challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using some greedy algorithm. For instance, iteratively adjusting h to reduce the maximum overlap. Start with an initial guess, then for each k, find the k that gives the highest overlap, adjust h to reduce that overlap, and repeat. However, this might not lead to a globally optimal solution and could get stuck in local minima.

But perhaps combining local optimization with global search methods could help. The previous code uses both SLSQP and DE. Maybe I can improve the search by using a more efficient method for the local optimization, or by generating better initial guesses for DE.

Also, considering the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds. To make better use of time, maybe using a more efficient algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model to guide the search.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle the constraints more effectively. For example, using a trust-region method or an interior-point method with better settings.

But given the time constraints, maybe the key is to improve the initial guess and the search strategy. Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses.

The current initial guess is from initial_h_values. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more optimal pattern. For example, a periodic function with certain properties. Since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the average value is 0.5. So, maybe a symmetric pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain way.

Alternatively, a design that has multiple overlapping regions but arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, a combination of pulses with different frequencies and phases. Maybe a hybrid approach of different waveforms.

Another idea: using a set of breakpoints where h changes from 0 to 1, and then optimizing the positions and widths of these breakpoints. However, this might be too complex for a high-dimensional optimization problem.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series approach. The function h(x) can be represented as a sum of sinusoids, and the coefficients are optimized to minimize the overlap integral. However, this would require solving a complex optimization problem with many variables.

But considering computational efficiency, maybe a simpler approach. Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a variety of guess functions, including pulses, sawtooths, and triangles, but perhaps there's a better way to generate initial candidates.

For example, generating functions with different duty cycles or frequencies. Also, using a more systematic way to sample the parameter space for these functions.

Alternatively, using a parametric family of functions. For example, a function that is a combination of multiple pulses, each with a certain width and spacing. Then, the parameters (positions, widths) are optimized.

But how to model this? It might be complex, but for a given number of pulses, this could be manageable. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible unless it's a small number of pulses.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the same as the correlation between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. So, for each k, the integral is the inner product between h and shifted 1 - h. Therefore, the maximum over k is what we want to minimize.

This suggests that the problem is related to the maximal inner product of h with its shifted versions. To minimize this maximum, h needs to be designed such that the signal is as spread out as possible, avoiding overlaps when shifted.

This is similar to the concept of a "sinc" function, but in discrete terms. However, since the function is over [0, 2], and we're integrating over overlaps, maybe using a function that's as "flat" as possible but still maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to model that. The initial approach uses a fixed number of samples, so maybe using a better initial guess with a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, perhaps using a non-uniform distribution where the 1s are spaced in such a way that their shifts overlap as little as possible. For example, placing the 1s in a pattern that avoids overlapping with their shifted versions. However, since the function is over a continuous interval, this becomes complex.

Maybe the previous code could be improved by using more sophisticated initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random pulsing functions, use a more optimized approach. Or perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a better selection of individuals.

Another approach: since the constraint is the integral of h equals 1, the function is essentially a probability density function over [0,2], scaled to have integral 1. Therefore, perhaps using a density function that is as uniform as possible, but with some structure to avoid overlaps.

But this is vague. Let me think about the code again. The code starts with initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. Maybe instead of generating a fixed set, it's better to generate a diverse set of functions, including different waveforms and random ones, and then optimize them.

Another thing to note is that the correlation is computed over the full mode, which includes the original and shifted versions. For each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. The maximum of these is what we want to minimize.

The previous code uses a variety of functions, like pulses, sawtooths, and triangles. Maybe trying different waveforms, such as square waves, triangular waves, or even more complex shapes, could lead to better results.

Additionally, the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points). Maybe trying smaller n_points (like 45) could be more efficient, but the user prefers smaller sequences for faster optimization. However, the initial code uses 45 points, so perhaps that's already the case.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The current code uses n_points = 45, which is acceptable. So perhaps it's good to stick with that.

Now, how to improve the code. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe by improving the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

Let me think about the DE part. The current DE has a popsize of 50, maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but it takes time. However, within the 100s budget, it's possible.

Another idea: use a hybrid approach where DE is used for global search and SLSQP for local refinement. This is what the previous code does, but maybe fine-tuning the parameters could lead to better results.

Also, the objective function uses the max of the correlation. Maybe using a different objective function that encourages lower maximum values. For instance, penalizing the maximum overlap more heavily, but that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, could we use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize all overlaps simultaneously? However, since the maximum is the critical value, focusing on that is important.

Perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a more intricate waveform that has been shown to perform well in similar problems. For instance, using a function that is a combination of multiple square waves with different frequencies and phases.

Alternatively, trying to use a design based on the known optimal solutions. For example, the current best is around 0.38, but perhaps there's a specific pattern that can be used as a starting point.

But without prior knowledge of such a pattern, it's difficult. Another idea is to use a random initial guess with more structure. For example, generating a random vector but ensuring that it has a certain structure, like being periodic or symmetric.

Another approach is to use simulated annealing. However, the previous code already uses DE and SLSQP, which are more efficient than simulated annealing for this problem.

Wait, the previous code also uses a refine step with SLSQP, which could be useful. Maybe adding more refinement steps or using a better optimization method.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The constraint is that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. The current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, which is correct. However, perhaps using a different constraint handling method, or adding bounds, could help.

Hmm. Also, the initial guess is starting with the initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying the existing one. For example, using a low-pass filter or applying some transformation to it.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's designed to have lower overlap. For instance, a function that is spread out more, like a Gaussian or a sinc function, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to implement that? For example, creating a function that is a sum of several Gaussians centered at different positions, with widths chosen to ensure the integral is 1.

But this requires generating such a function and optimizing its parameters. However, this could be complex, especially with the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments. For example, a function that is 1 over intervals of varying lengths, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. But this would require optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals, which is a high-dimensional problem.

Perhaps the best approach is to build upon the previous code and make some optimizations.

Looking at the previous code structure, the steps are:

1. Initialize h with initial_h_values.
2. Generate various guess functions (pulses, sawtooths, etc.).
3. Run SLSQP on each guess to find a better h.
4. Use DE to generate new guesses and refine them.
5. Refine the best h further with SLSQP.

To improve this, perhaps the following changes could be made:

- Use more varied initial guess functions. Maybe including more types of functions, such as square waves with different duty cycles, or functions generated using different interpolation methods.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations for DE, or using different mutation and recombination strategies.
- Use a better way to generate random initial guesses. For example, instead of using np.random.rand, generate random positions and widths for pulses.
- Implement a more efficient refinement step, possibly combining multiple optimization methods.

Also, the current code uses a limited number of guesses. Maybe generating more guesses could lead to a better exploration of the solution space.

Another idea is to use a Bayesian optimization approach for the initial search, which can be more efficient in finding the optimal parameters. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require more complex code and may not fit within the time constraints.

Alternatively, modifying the DE parameters to allow for a better exploration. For example, using a lower mutation rate but more generations.

Another point to consider is the definition of h in the code. The current code uses a numpy array, which is efficient. The correlation is computed using np.correlate, which is fast. However, the code may need to handle the correlation correctly, especially for the full mode.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of this is the C5 value. However, for a function over [0,2], the shifts would range from -2 to 0 (or similar), but the code correctly computes all the necessary shifts.

But perhaps the code is not considering that the function h is defined over [0,2], so when you shift by k, the overlapping regions might be limited. However, the numpy correlate function handles this by padding the array, which is correct.

Another observation: the current code may not be fully utilizing the structure of the problem. For instance, the overlap integral for shift k is equivalent to integrating over the intersection of h and (1-h) shifted by k. So, the maximum overlap is the worst-case scenario for any shift. Therefore, perhaps using a more structured approach, like ensuring that for every k, the overlap is minimized.

But this is abstract. To implement this, perhaps using a more complex optimization where the objective function is the maximum of all overlaps. However, the code already does this by computing the maximum of the correlation.

Another thought: perhaps the previous code could benefit from using a different optimization method for the initial search. For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for some of the steps, which is derivative-free and can handle non-smooth functions.

But given the time, it's better to stick with methods that are already implemented and can be tuned.

Now, considering the initial_h_values. Since the user allows using that, perhaps there's a way to improve the initial guess. For example, by applying a transformation to the initial_h_values to make it more optimal. For instance, smoothing it or adjusting the positions of the 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point but modifying it through an optimization process. However, that's what the current code does.

Another possible improvement is to use a different set of initial guesses. For instance, generating initial guesses that are combinations of different waveforms. For example, a sum of multiple pulses with varying frequencies and offsets. This could generate a more diverse set of candidate solutions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with pulses, sawtooths, and triangles. Maybe adding more waveform types or varying parameters further.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate guesses. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of pulses to cover a wide range of possibilities.

Another idea is to use a grid search over certain parameters (like frequency and duty cycle) to generate more initial guesses, but this can be computationally intensive.

Considering all this, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate a variety of initial guesses using different waveforms, including pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, sawtooths, triangles, and random functions.
3. Optimize each guess using SLSQP to find a better solution.
4. Use differential evolution to explore the space further, starting from the optimized guesses.
5. Refine the best solution found with SLSQP again.
6. Additionally, use a different method for generating initial guesses, like creating random pulses with controlled parameters.
7. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increasing maxiter for DE or using better mutation strategies).

Also, the code should keep track of the best solution found and stop when the time is up.

Now, implementing this in Python, using the given framework.

To make the code efficient and within the token limit, I'll need to avoid long literals and use compact methods.

The previous code uses functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc. Let me consider adding more variations. Also, replacing some of the random guesses with pulse-based ones.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, generate more structured guesses. For example, creating a set of pulse trains with different frequencies and duty cycles, then optimizing them.

Additionally, in the code, perhaps the DE step could be run more efficiently, using more iterations.

Moreover, the refinement step can be enhanced by running SLSQP for more iterations.

Another thing: the current code uses the same number of points (n_points = 45). Ensuring that the initial_h_values is used correctly.

Given these considerations, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate a set of initial guesses that include various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waveforms, possibly with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use SLSQP to optimize each guess.
- Run differential evolution on the best guesses to explore the space further.
- Refine the best solution using SLSQP multiple times.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to improve convergence.

Now, to code this, ensuring it stays within the token limit and time budget.

I need to make sure that the code does not use long literals for arrays, and instead generates them algorithmically. For example, the initial_h_values are already provided, so I can use that. The other guesses can be generated with functions that create patterns based on frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the code must use scipy.optimize functions for optimization. The key steps are:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum of the correlation.
2. Use SLSQP for local optimization.
3. Use differential evolution for global exploration.
4. Refine the best solution with SLSQP.

In the previous code, a 'gen_random' function creates random guesses. Perhaps generating more structured guesses instead.

For example, generate a set of pulse trains with different frequencies and duty cycles, and then optimize them. Also, include some other types of waveforms.

Another idea is to use a grid of frequencies and duty cycles to generate initial guesses, but with a limited number of points to keep it efficient.

So, in code, the function 'guesses' could be extended with more possibilities.

Also, the previous code uses a loop to generate guesses, which may generate redundant options. Perhaps adjusting that loop to generate more diverse guesses.

Finally, the code should return the best h found, the corresponding c5 value, and the number of points.

Testing this approach, the code may find a better solution than the previous one, which had a C5 of 0.381142.

Now, to code this, making sure to follow all constraints, including not using long literals and keeping the code within the token limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```