<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization starting from some initial guesses, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about what's different.

First, the current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to get even a tiny bit lower. Let me consider the approach.

The problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The integral is evaluated using correlation, which for a step function would be the sum over all possible overlaps.

The previous code uses a 45-point initial guess. Maybe using a higher n_points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the code currently uses n=45.

Wait, the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe trying a lower n_points is better? Or perhaps there's a way to get a better result with the same n_points.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. The code starts with initial_h_values and then generates some other guesses. What if I can find a better initial guess? For example, perhaps using a more strategic pattern, like a combination of pulses or waveforms that are known to have good properties?

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe exploring other waveforms could lead to better results. Alternatively, using more sophisticated initial positions, like using a binary pattern or some symmetric structure.

But how to generate these? Maybe using a more mathematical approach. Since h(x) is a step function, maybe it's beneficial to have it structured in a way that overlaps with itself as little as possible. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties.

Wait, the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that has minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This seems related to coding theory or signal processing. Perhaps using a de Bruijn sequence or similar structure could help, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: try to construct h by placing steps in such a way that each new step minimizes the maximum overlap. But this might be computationally intensive.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe switching to a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, could help escape local optima. However, the previous code already tried differential evolution.

Wait, maybe using a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, starting with a differential evolution to explore the space, then using SLSQP for refinement. The previous code does that, but perhaps adjusting parameters could help.

Looking at the hyperparameters: the SLSQP has maxiter=250, which might be too low. Maybe increasing that? Also, the differential evolution has maxiter=60. But with the time budget of 100s, perhaps the code isn't exploiting all possibilities.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, but maybe generating more varied initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, instead of using a few frequencies and duties, maybe using a larger set of variations.

Wait, but the user wants to keep the code concise. Maybe the current approach is constrained by the initial guesses. Perhaps trying a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to construct the initial h. For instance, a simple binary pattern with certain periodicity. For example, alternating 1s and 0s, but that might not be optimal.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So for each shift k, we need the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx to be as small as possible. So, the function h should be designed to have low overlap with its shifted versions.

This seems similar to the concept of a "sperner's theorem" but in the continuous case. Alternatively, maybe using Fourier analysis. Because the overlap integral can be expressed as the inner product between h and (1 - h shifted by k). So, perhaps analyzing the Fourier coefficients of h would help. But I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Wait, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we consider the function h as a square wave, then shifting it might lead to some periodicity. But since the domain is [0,2], the shifts could wrap around.

Alternatively, considering that the function is over [0,2], maybe using a periodic extension for the shifts. However, the problem defines the integral over the entire domain. Wait, the integral is from 0 to 2, and when k is such that x +k is outside of [0,2], how is that handled? The original code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which would generate the full correlation. So, for example, when k is larger than 2, the convolution would include regions where x +k is beyond 2, but the problem's integral is only over x in [0,2]. Therefore, the code's approach might not account for all possible shifts. Wait, no— the original problem defines the integral for all k (presumably real numbers), but the code uses the correlation of h with 1 - h, which is a discrete approximation. So the code's approach is to compute the maximum of the correlation, which corresponds to the maximum overlap over shifts of the discrete samples. However, the actual problem is over continuous k. So maybe the code's approximation is not perfect, but given that, the current approach is as good as possible.

So, the challenge is to optimize the h function under the constraints.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe trying more diverse initial guesses, or even using a grid search over possible parameters could help. For example, varying the frequencies and durations of pulses or waves more thoroughly.

Wait, the code generates guesses for different frequencies and duties. Maybe trying more frequencies, like up to higher numbers, or combining different types of functions.

Alternatively, maybe the current code is too focused on certain periodic functions and not considering other possibilities. For example, maybe using a combination of pulses and a more complex shape.

Another idea: using a piecewise constant function with more segments, but ensuring that the sum is maintained. However, the code uses n_points samples, so it's already a step function. So the current approach is to find a step function that meets the integral constraint.

Hmm. What if we try a different initial guess, like a binary sequence with certain properties? For example, using a de Bruijn sequence for overlapping patterns, but not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the current initial guess is too "normal" and not optimized enough. Maybe trying to generate initial guesses with more complex patterns.

But how to generate them algorithmically? Maybe generating a base pattern and then modifying it.

Another approach: the problem is similar to a covering problem. So, the function h should be such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with the original. This is similar to the idea of a "cross-correlation" being minimized. So, perhaps the optimal function is one that is as "balanced" as possible in some sense, avoiding large overlaps.

Wait, maybe using a function that's a union of intervals placed in such a way that their shifts avoid overlap as much as possible. For example, a set of intervals that are spaced out. But how to design such intervals?

Alternatively, maybe using a function with a certain symmetry. For example, h(x) is symmetric around x=1, which could help in balancing overlaps.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a hybrid approach, like starting with differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then using SLSQP with more iterations. Or perhaps combining with other local search methods.

Wait, the code already does that. It uses differential evolution for initial exploration and then SLSQP for refinement. But maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters could help.

Looking at the previous code's parameters:

In the SLSQP, the options are {'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-12}.

Maybe increasing the maxiter allows more refinement. But given the time budget, that could take more time. Also, the ftol is very tight, which might be causing the solver to get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, using a lower ftol for the initial steps and then tightening it. Or using a different optimization method for certain parts.

Another thing: the code uses different initial guesses, but maybe some of them are redundant. For example, generating multiple pulse and sawtooth functions with the same parameters. Maybe the code could generate more varied initial guesses.

But the user wants the code to be concise. So perhaps the initial guesses need to be more strategic.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with more sophisticated steps. But the code already uses SLSQP.

Alternatively, modifying the objective function. The current objective function is the max of the correlation. But maybe considering some other measure, like the average of the correlation, but the problem requires the maximum to be minimized. So the objective is correct.

Another point: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is given. But perhaps there's a better initial guess. However, the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So the code starts with that.

But maybe the initial guess is not optimal. However, if we can't change that, then we need to optimize from there.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated sampling of the parameter space. For example, generating initial guesses with different pulse durations, frequencies, and duty cycles, but perhaps more systematically.

Alternatively, trying to find a function that is a combination of a few pulses. For example, a function with three pulses, each spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe generating a few different initial structures and then optimizing them.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization approach. But the code already uses differential evolution.

Another potential problem: the code's initial guesses are limited to certain waveforms. What if the optimal h is not periodic but has a more complex structure?

In that case, the code might be stuck in local minima. So perhaps a better approach is to use a combination of different initial guesses and allow more exploration.

But given the code's constraints, perhaps modifying the initial guesses could help.

Wait, the user's previous code has initial_guesses that include a few different types: pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more types or varying the parameters more could help. For example, adding more random initializations, or more structured patterns.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a binary sequence with certain properties. For example, generating a binary sequence with specific spacing between the 1s and 0s.

But how to do that algorithmically? Maybe using a random binary sequence with certain constraints. However, the sum has to be fixed. So for example, generating a binary array with exactly n_points / 2 ones (since sum(h) = n_points / 2). But that would be a binary function. However, the code already uses some initializations with pulses, which are smooth.

But maybe the optimal function is not smooth. So perhaps trying different initializations that are binary.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to construct h. For example, start with an empty function, add intervals one by one, ensuring that the maximum overlap is minimized. But this might be computationally intensive for large n_points.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral, perhaps the optimal function is one where the correlation with itself is minimized. This would suggest that h is as "spread out" as possible, leading to minimal overlaps.

In the discrete case, this is similar to error-correcting codes or code design where certain distances are maximized. For example, in the case of binary codes, the maximum correlation is minimized. However, the current problem is continuous but uses a step function.

But how to translate this into the function design?

Another thought: the code uses the correlation of h with 1 - h, which is the same as the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). The maximum of this cross-correlation is the quantity C5. So the goal is to minimize this maximum.

In signal processing, minimizing the cross-correlation is similar to designing a sequence with low autocorrelation. However, in this case, the second function is (1 - h), which is 1 minus the original function. So the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

So, the problem resembles designing a binary sequence (or step function) with low cross-correlation with its complement.

In the case of binary sequences, the optimal solution for minimal cross-correlation is known, but in the continuous case with a step function, it's a different problem.

But perhaps some ideas from binary sequence design can be adapted here. For example, using a Barker code, which has minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific properties. Maybe a similar approach could be used here.

But since the function is a step function, perhaps a binary structure would help. For example, using a sequence where the 1s are arranged in a way that their shifts overlap as little as possible.

So, if I can design a binary function h with a specific pattern that minimizes the cross-correlation, that might help.

For example, a binary sequence with period T, such that the pattern is repeated over the interval [0,2]. But how to determine the pattern?

Alternatively, using a simple binary pattern with alternating 1s and 0s, but that may not be optimal.

Another idea: the previous code uses a 45-point initial guess. What if scaling up to a higher n_points could allow more precise optimization? However, the user prefers smaller sequences. So maybe n_points=45 is acceptable.

But perhaps the code could use a different initial guess with n_points=45 that is better than the given initial_h_values.

But the initial_h_values is provided and should not be modified. So the code has to work with it.

Alternatively, starting from the initial_h_values and applying some modifications. For example, refining it with a different optimization approach.

Another angle: the code currently uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP could lead to better results. Or using a different optimization method that is more effective.

Wait, the code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the order of applying them matters. For example, using differential evolution first to find a good approximate solution, then refining it with SLSQP.

But in the current code, it tries multiple initial guesses from different methods and then refines them. Maybe the SLSQP refinement could be applied more aggressively. Also, the code has a 'refine' step that runs SLSQP for 10 times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinements or adjusting the parameters.

Alternatively, changing the optimization method to use a different algorithm, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method or a Bayesian optimization. However, Nelder-Mead is not suitable for constrained problems, and Bayesian optimization would require more setup.

Another idea: using the SLSQP method with a more relaxed tolerance during initial iterations and tightening it later. This can help escape local minima. But the code already uses ftol=1e-12, which is very tight.

Perhaps adjusting the ftol parameter to a higher value initially and then tightening it. But the code doesn't do that. So, for example, in the first few SLSQP steps, use a higher tolerance to explore the space, then switch to lower tolerance for finer optimization.

But this requires modifying the code's optimization steps, which may complicate the code.

Alternatively, using a different random seed to get different initial points. However, the code already uses a fixed seed, so changing it might not help unless we adjust the seed.

Wait, the code sets the seed to 42. Maybe trying different seeds could lead to better results, but the problem states that it's called with no arguments, so the seed is fixed.

So, the approach to modify the code would focus on improving the optimization process, generating better initial guesses, or adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.

Another thought: what if, instead of using pulses and sawtooth waves, we generate a more complex initial guess that combines multiple patterns? For example, using a combination of a pulse and a triangle wave.

But generating that algorithmically would require more code. However, the user wants the code to be concise.

Another idea: the code uses the same n_points throughout. What if using a different n_points could lead to better results? For example, trying with a larger n_points (like 90) but within the time budget. However, the user prefers smaller sequences (under 1k). So maybe n=45 is acceptable.

Alternatively, trying with a different n_points, like 60. But the code uses the initial_h_values which is for n=45. So changing n_points would require changing the initial guess, which the user cannot do.

Another point: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns a correlation array. The length of this array is 2*n_points -1. The maximum value in this array is multiplied by dx to get C5. But the actual integral for overlap at shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. However, the code is approximating this using the discrete samples. So the accuracy of the approximation may depend on the choice of n_points and the function h.

But given that, the code is as good as possible with the current approach.

Now, considering all this, what can I change in the code to improve the bound?

Maybe the initial_guesses can be diversified. For example, adding more different types of waveforms or varying parameters more. But how to do that quickly.

Alternatively, changing the initial_h_values. But the code uses the given initial_h_values, which is provided and shouldn't be modified.

So, perhaps modifying the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps.

In the current code, the SLSQP for refinement is set to maxiter=300. Maybe increasing that to, say, 500. Or decreasing the tolerance.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, but the code already uses SLSQP.

Another thought: the code's differential evolution uses popsize=50 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 or more. However, this would consume more time. The budget is 100 seconds. If the code's current steps are already taking most of the time, increasing the maxiter could cause it to exceed the budget.

But how long does the current code take? Let's think: the initial setup is quick. Then for initial guesses, it runs SLSQP on multiple guesses. Then runs differential evolution a few times, then refines with more SLSQP steps. Given the time budget, it's possible that the code is already using most of the budget.

So, perhaps the code is already doing as much as possible within the time constraints. To improve, maybe using a more efficient optimization method or more effective initial guesses.

Alternatively, trying a different approach to the initial guess. For example, generating a pattern that is a combination of multiple intervals spread out over the [0,2] interval. 

For example, suppose the function h(x) is 1 on several non-overlapping intervals, such that their shifts don't overlap too much. How to determine the positions of these intervals?

But how to generate such a h_values algorithmically? For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into m segments, each of length l, and placing these segments such that their shifts k do not cause overlaps with the original. But the exact placement would require optimization.

But again, this is what the code is trying to do through the optimization process.

Another idea: the code uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points. For n_points=45, dx is approximately 0.0444. Perhaps using a different discretization could help, but the code is fixed to use that. So it's not possible.

Hmm. Perhaps the key is to improve the optimization process. Let's think about how the code works.

The code starts with initial_h_values, and then generates more guesses. Then, for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization to refine it. Then, it runs differential evolution for a few steps, and then refines again with SLSQP. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated using pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with certain frequencies and duties. Perhaps generating more initial guesses by varying the parameters more thoroughly. For example, using a wider range of frequencies or more duty cycles.

But how to do that in code while keeping it concise? For example, instead of looping over frequencies, generating multiple different pulse patterns with varying parameters.

Alternatively, generating a more diverse set of initial guesses by combining different waveforms.

Alternatively, using random initial guesses that are more likely to be good. For example, generating h_samples with random positions and ensuring they meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, maybe the code could use a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, using a grid-based approach for the frequencies and duties.

But again, keeping the code concise is important.

Another thought: the current code's initial_guesses includes a random guess. Maybe generating more random guesses would help, but the code already does that.

Alternatively, using a different random seed or generating more random initializations.

Another possible improvement: using the current initial guess and applying a more aggressive optimization. For example, using a higher number of iterations in the optimization steps.

Let me think about the parameters for the SLSQP. The code uses options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-12}. Perhaps increasing the maxiter to 500 or more. But this would take more time. However, the code has a check to stop before the budget runs out. So, if the time is sufficient, increasing the iterations might help.

Similarly, for the differential evolution, using more iterations could help explore more of the search space.

Another potential change: in the initial_guesses, instead of using functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc., perhaps generating a different set of initial functions that are more likely to lead to optimal solutions. For example, generating h_values that are binary sequences with certain properties.

But again, generating such sequences algorithmically would require more code.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guesses. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and applying some transformations to generate variations.

For example, creating a new initial guess by shifting the initial_h_values slightly, or perturbing it.

But again, this requires more code.

Another idea: the code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation. Maybe instead of using the max, we can use a weighted sum of the correlations, but that would change the objective and may not help.

Alternatively, focusing on the highest peaks first. For example, during the optimization, penalizing the highest correlation peak. But this is what the objective function already does by maximizing the correlation.

Hmm. Perhaps trying a different optimization method for the SLSQP steps. For example, using a more robust solver like IPOPT, but the code may not have access to it.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the most straightforward improvement is to increase the number of optimization iterations and refine the parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter for SLSQP and differential evolution steps.

Alternatively, adjusting the ftol to a less stringent value for the initial steps and then tightening it later. But this requires modifying the optimization setup.

So, modifying the code to use a higher number of iterations for SLSQP and differential evolution, and perhaps adding more initial guesses.

But let's think about how to implement this concisely.

In the previous code, the SLSQP refinement is called with maxiter=300. Maybe increasing that to 500. Similarly, the differential evolution has maxiter=60, maybe increasing to 100 or 150.

Also, the initial guesses could be expanded. For example, adding more frequencies for pulses, or varying parameters more.

Another thing: the code uses a 'refine' step that runs SLSQP 10 times. Maybe increasing this number would help. But the time budget is limited.

But given the user's previous program achieved C5 of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, the code needs to improve by about 0.00026. So even a small improvement could be significant.

Another thought: the current code uses the same h_values throughout the optimization. Maybe using a better initial guess. But since initial_h_values is provided, we have to work with that.

So, the most effective change might be to enhance the optimization process by increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps and the differential evolution steps, and perhaps adding more initial guesses.

Let me outline the modifications I can make to the code.

1. Increase the number of SLSQP iterations. For example, change maxiter=250 to 500 in the SLSQP steps.
2. Increase the number of differential evolution iterations. For example, set maxiter=100.
3. Add more initial guesses to the initial_guesses list. For example, include more frequencies or duty cycles.
4. Change the ftol parameter to a larger value initially to allow more exploration.

But these changes would require adjusting the code's parameters.

Let me try to modify the code accordingly, keeping it concise.

Another possible optimization is to use a better initial guess. For example, using a different waveform, like a more complex wave that's not covered by the current functions.

But how to generate that? Perhaps using a combination of different waveforms.

Alternatively, generating a more complex initial guess by combining a pulse and a triangle wave.

But perhaps it's simpler to increase the number of iterations and adjust the parameters.

So, here's the plan:

- Modify the SLSQP optimizer to have more maxiter and possibly a higher ftol.
- Increase the maxiter for the differential evolution steps.
- Add more initial guesses to the initial_guesses list.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.

Now, let's implement these changes in the code.

But given that the user wants the code to be concise, I'll have to make exact changes to the code.

So, in the previous code, the SLSQP for refining has options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12}.

Maybe changing this to {'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9} to allow more iterations and a less tight tolerance initially.

Similarly, for the differential evolution, changing maxiter from 60 to 100.

Also, in the initial_guesses, perhaps adding more variations. For example, adding more pulse frequencies, or trying different duty cycles.

Additionally, in the code, the differential evolution is run 5 times, but maybe increasing that to 10 times.

But how to do this concisely.

Another point: the initial_guesses list in the previous code includes several functions. Perhaps generating more initial guesses by varying the parameters more systematically. For example, using a range of frequencies and duties for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.

But in the code, it loops over frequencies in 3 to 10, and duty cycles in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]. Maybe expanding this range.

For example, for pulses, frequencies from 2 to 12, and duties from 0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9.

This would generate more initial guesses.

But this requires code changes.

Another idea: the code currently generates initial_guesses with a limited number of functions. If I can generate more initial guesses, it might help find a better solution.

But how to do this in the code concisely.

Given all that, here's the modified code:

Increase the maxiter for SLSQP and differential evolution, add more initial guesses, and perhaps adjust other parameters.

But to keep it concise, I'll adjust the code's parameters and initial_guesses.

So, the final code would have:

- More initial guesses.
- Higher maxiter for SLSQP and differential evolution.
- Possibly different frequencies and duties.
- Adjusted ftol.

But to implement this, here's what I'll do:

In the initial_guesses section, expand the frequencies and duties.

For example:

for freq in range(2, 13):  # instead of 3-10
    initial_guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
    initial_guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
    initial_guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

This would generate more initial guesses.

Also, changing the SLSQP parameters to maxiter=500 and ftol=1e-9.

And increasing the differential evolution's maxiter to 100.

Also, increasing the number of DE iterations from 5 to 10.

This would require more time, but given the budget, it might be possible.

Also, in the refine step, increasing the number of iterations.

But keep the code concise by using these changes.

So, the final code would include these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    initial_guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 13):
        initial_guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 0.9]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(4):
        initial_guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in initial_guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```