<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to create a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is lower.

First, let me understand the problem again. The function h must have an integral of 1 over [0,2], so the average value is 1/2. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, we want h to be arranged so that when shifted by any k, the overlap is as small as possible.

The previous approach uses several initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then it applies optimization techniques. But maybe there's a better way.

Hmm, maybe I should consider different structures for h. Like, maybe a piecewise constant function with more segments, but that might complicate things. Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, like a periodic function with certain symmetries.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a set of points (the support of h) such that their shifts don't overlap too much. Perhaps using a set of points that are spaced out in a way that overlapping with their shifted versions is minimized. For example, if the support is regularly spaced, but with some adjustments.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is given, with n=45 points. Maybe starting from that and trying to refine it further. But the previous code's best was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a small margin. How can we improve?

Alternatively, perhaps using more efficient optimization techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe there's a better way to structure the optimization. For example, using a hybrid approach where we first do a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then use SLSQP to refine it. Or maybe use a different numerical optimization method.

Wait, the problem is that the previous code uses several initial guesses and then applies optimization, but perhaps it's possible to find a better starting point by generating more intelligent initial guesses. For example, considering the optimal spacing of points where the overlaps are minimized.

Another approach is to model the problem as an optimization problem with constraints. The integral of h must be 1, and we need to minimize the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx over all k. But solving this directly is challenging because of the max over k.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a grid search over possible k values. But since the function is over [0,2], the shift k could be any real number, leading to infinitely many possibilities. However, in practice, for the discrete samples, maybe we can evaluate the correlation for shifts that correspond to the sample points.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. For a step function with n points, the maximum overlap integral is the maximum value in this correlation array multiplied by dx.

But how to minimize this maximum? It's a non-convex problem, so local minima are a problem. The previous approach tries multiple initial points, which helps avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Maybe the current code's approach is too limited. Let me think of other optimization strategies. For example, using genetic algorithms, or simulated annealing. However, these are more computationally intensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization algorithm with better convergence. For instance, using a coordinate descent method, but I'm not sure. Or maybe using a combination of methods: first, find a rough solution with differential evolution, then refine with SLSQP.

Wait, in the previous code, there's a loop that tries different initial guesses (like various pulse, saw, triangle functions) and then uses SLSQP to optimize each. Then, after that, it does differential evolution and then more SLSQP refinements.

But maybe there's a better way to structure the initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then trying to refine it. Also, perhaps using more structured initial guesses that are better aligned with the optimal solution.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a different metric. For example, instead of trying to directly minimize the maximum overlap, we can set a target value and try to find a function h that ensures that all overlaps are below that value. But this is a feasibility problem and might not directly help.

Alternatively, maybe we can model the problem with a different parameterization. For instance, instead of considering the function h as a set of samples, maybe use a parameterization that allows for more structure, like a piecewise linear function with certain properties, but I'm not sure.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points = 45), so the function is discretized. The current best is with n=45, so maybe not changing the number of samples would be better, as larger n might complicate things.

Another approach: the problem is similar to signal processing, where we want a signal h that when convolved with (1-h) has a minimal peak. So, maybe using techniques from signal design, like designing a signal with minimal autocorrelation. However, this is for the case where the overlap is the convolution of h with itself, but here it's the convolution of h with (1-h), and the maximum over shifts.

Alternatively, think of the overlap integral as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) for a fixed k. To minimize the maximum over k, perhaps we can design h to have certain properties. For example, h(x) is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, arranged so that the regions are spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But since the integral of h must be 1, the function can't be too sparse. So there's a balance between the number of 1s and the spacing between them.

Wait, maybe using a periodic structure. For example, a function that repeats a pattern over the interval [0,2]. However, since the integral is 1, the average is 0.5, so the pattern must have a duty cycle of 50%.

For example, if we have a square wave with duty cycle 0.5, but shifted so that the overlaps are minimized. However, the square wave may have high overlap for certain shifts. Maybe a different waveform.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several pulses spaced appropriately. For example, placing pulses at positions where their shifts don't overlap too much. But how to determine the optimal spacing?

Another thought: the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be related to the "greedy" algorithm where you place points one by one, each time choosing the position that minimizes the overlap with previous points. But this is a heuristic and may not yield the optimal result.

But maybe combining this idea with other optimization techniques. For example, starting with a greedy placement of points and then refining with optimization.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, so maybe the previous code started from that and refined it. But how can we improve on that?

Perhaps the previous code's optimization could be made more efficient. For example, using a better optimization method or adjusting parameters. Or using more sophisticated initial guesses.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is determined by certain shifts. For example, the worst case might be shifts that align the pulses of h with the gaps. So, perhaps there are specific shifts (like k=1, k=0.5, etc.) that are the most problematic, and designing h to minimize the overlap for those shifts could help.

But how to determine which shifts are most critical? Maybe trying to model the problem as minimizing the overlap over all possible k, but this is difficult.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), for a fixed k. For each k, this is the same as integrating over the support of h and the support of 1 - h(x + k). The maximum of this over k would be the worst-case scenario.

So, perhaps the key is to ensure that for any possible shift k, the overlap is minimized. To achieve this, h should be designed such that the regions where it is 1 are as spread out as possible, so that when shifted, they don't overlap much with the regions where h is 0 (since 1 - h(x + k) would be 1 there).

This suggests that h should have its 1s spread out in the interval [0,2], such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

So, perhaps a more uniform distribution of 1s. For example, placing them at regular intervals. But with the constraint that the integral is 1, which for n points implies that each 1 is part of a certain density.

Wait, for the initial_h_values of 45 points, the sum is 45/2 = 22.5. So each sample is either 0 or 1? Not necessarily, but the sum is 22.5. So if they are step functions, they would be 1 in certain intervals, but in the previous code, h is a step function represented by samples over [0,2].

But the current code allows h to be any real number between 0 and 1. So maybe the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with certain values, but how to find that?

Perhaps the previous code is using a continuous optimization approach, which might not be the best. Maybe using a more structured search, like a genetic algorithm, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method like SLSQP, but with better initial points.

Wait, the previous code uses several initial guesses, including some generated by gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc. For example, gen_pulses(freq, 0.5) creates a square wave with a certain frequency. Maybe generating these initial guesses with higher frequencies or different duty cycles could lead to better solutions.

But how to choose the frequencies and duty cycles? Maybe trying a wider range of them.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of different waveforms. For example, combining a square wave with a triangle wave.

But I'm not sure. Let me think again.

The code uses a Differential Evolution approach, then applies SLSQP. But perhaps using more sophisticated optimization methods, like COBYLA or other methods, could be better.

Another idea: maybe the problem is highly non-convex, so a global optimization method like differential evolution is necessary. But the previous code tries multiple initial points and applies differential evolution, which may help find better solutions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient implementation of differential evolution, like varying the parameters (mutation, recombination) or using adaptive strategies.

But the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but within the time budget.

Hmm, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code runs differential evolution for 70 iterations, then does some refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution could help, but it's limited by time.

Another approach: instead of starting from the initial_h_values, perhaps using a different initial guess that's more structured. For example, creating a function that's a combination of multiple pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. How to do that?

Maybe using a grid of points spaced at intervals that are rational fractions of 2. For example, if the points are spaced at intervals of a/b, where a and b are integers. But this is just a thought.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses. For example, trying different numbers of pulses and their positions.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on improving the current approach. Perhaps the previous code's issue is that it's not exploring enough different initial points. For example, the code adds a few guesses, but maybe more could be generated.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses include:

- The initial_h_values
- Pulses with frequencies 3 to 10
- Sawtooth and triangle waves with different duty cycles
- 5 random samples

But adding more such guesses might help, but it could slow down the code. For example, adding more frequencies or duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe generating more structured guesses, such as combining multiple waveforms or using a more systematic method.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of pulses and waveforms. Maybe trying to model h as a combination of several pulses, each with their own positions and widths, to minimize overlaps. However, this might be too complex for an optimization algorithm.

Alternatively, looking for patterns in the current best solution. For example, if the current initial_h_values is a certain pattern, maybe modifying it by adding or removing certain points to reduce the maximum overlap.

But without knowing the specific structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to tell. However, since the user says that the initial_h_values is available, I can reference it directly.

Another approach: after generating the initial guesses and optimizing, the code does a refinement step using SLSQP with more iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Alternatively, using a better optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method if it's more effective.

But the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement, which is gradient-based and might get stuck in local optima. Maybe using a combination of methods.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to guide the search, but that would require more complex code and might be outside the time budget.

Hmm. Given that the previous code's best was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, maybe a small improvement is possible. How?

Perhaps finding a better initial guess. For example, combining the initial_h_values with some modifications. Or trying different waveforms.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess that is more evenly spaced. For example, placing points in a regular pattern and then adjusting them to meet the constraints.

Wait, the function h has to be defined on [0,2] and integrate to 1. If we model h as a square wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle, maybe that could be a good starting point.

But how to generate such functions? For example, a square wave with period T and duty cycle d. The integral would be T*d* (number of periods in 2) *average. But this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, consider placing the points in positions that are equally spaced, but with some adjustments to distribute them more evenly. For example, using a low-discrepancy sequence like a Halton sequence to generate the positions of the 1s.

But this would require generating a set of positions and then adjusting their values to meet the integral constraint.

But how to translate this into code?

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So, if the function is designed to have a certain symmetry or structure, it might help minimize the overlap.

For example, if h is symmetric around x=1, then shifting by 1 would give h(x + 1) = h(1 - x + 1) = h(2 - x). But I'm not sure how this would affect the overlap integral.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, maybe designing h to have maximum overlap at specific shifts, but this is vague.

Perhaps the key is to find a balance between spreading the 1s out enough to minimize overlaps, but keeping enough 1s to maintain the integral of 1.

Let me think of the following: if the function h has supports that are spaced a certain distance apart, then shifting by that distance would minimize overlap. For example, if the supports are spaced at least d apart, then shifting by d would align them with the gaps. However, the exact value of d is not clear.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution for the "maximum overlap" problem is related to the solution of the Erdős problem, but I'm not familiar with the exact construction.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code to explore more initial guesses and use more efficient optimization parameters.

For example, the previous code's differential evolution uses 120 population size and 70 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or iterations, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for parts of the code. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial global search and SLSQP for refinement.

But given that the code must fit in the time budget, and the user wants the code to be concise, perhaps the existing structure can be improved by adding more initial guesses, varying parameters, or using different optimization methods.

Another thought: the previous code uses gen_pulses with frequencies from 3 to 10. Maybe adding higher frequencies or different duty cycles. Also, perhaps adding more waveforms like sine waves with certain phase shifts.

But how to generate those in code? For example, generating a sine wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle could be done by clipping the sine wave to a certain range.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms. For example, generating a waveform that is a mixture of a triangle wave and a square wave.

But again, this would require generating more guesses, which might slow down the code.

Alternatively, trying to generate initial guesses based on the current best solution. For example, modifying the initial_h_values in various ways to create new guesses.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Another point to consider: the maximum overlap is determined by the worst shift k. So, if we can find a way to model the worst-case k and optimize h to minimize that specific case, it might help. But how to determine which k is the worst?

Perhaps the worst case occurs when k is such that the supports of h and 1 - h(x + k) overlap the most. This is likely when k is equal to the distance between two consecutive points in h's support.

But again, without knowing the exact structure of h, it's hard to say.

Considering all this, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to increase the number of initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and add more refined steps.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses include:

- initial_h_values
- pulses with frequencies 3-10
- saw and triangle waves with various duty cycles
- random samples

Maybe generating more guesses, like additional pulses with different frequencies, or more duty cycles for the saw and triangle waves. Also, perhaps adding more random samples.

Additionally, using different optimization methods for different parts of the code. For instance, using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP.

But since the previous code already does that, perhaps the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough.

Another idea: instead of using fixed frequencies and duty cycles, generate them in a more systematic way. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle over a wider range.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a grid of frequencies and duty cycles and generating guesses based on that.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to make the code more efficient by reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on those that are most promising.

Another change could be to use a better population size for differential evolution, or adjust the mutation and recombination parameters to explore the search space more effectively.

For example, in the current code, the differential evolution uses mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence.

Moreover, the code uses a for loop for 5 iterations of differential evolution, but perhaps increasing the number of iterations or using a dynamic approach based on time remaining.

But how to implement this within the code?

Another thing is that the code may be spending too much time on the initial guesses and not enough on refining. For example, after generating the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution for a limited number of iterations.

Perhaps increasing the iterations in the differential evolution part and then refining with SLSQP more thoroughly.

Additionally, the refinement steps use SLSQP with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing this number further could lead to better results, but again, within the time budget.

Another possible improvement is to use a hybrid approach: first, run differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations to find a good solution, then use SLSQP to refine it. Also, during the SLSQP refinement, adjusting the ftol and maxiter parameters to get a more precise minimum.

In summary, the plan is:

1. Keep the same structure of the code but improve the initial guesses and parameters.
2. Add more initial guesses with varied frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Adjust the differential evolution parameters (like population size, maxiter) to explore the search space better.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps and allow more iterations for SLSQP.
5. Ensure that the code stays within the time budget.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes.

For example, in the guesses section, perhaps generating more pulses and waves. Also, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution.

Also, in the code, the twist is that the initial_h_values is available, so maybe the code should first try to refine that initial guess, and then generate more guesses based on that.

But without knowing the specifics of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. So the code should use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Another possible change: instead of using the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses, maybe generate a few variations of it. For example, perturbing it slightly to explore nearby solutions.

But again, this would require more code.

Another approach is to eliminate the initial_h_values as an initial guess and start from a different one, but the user may have provided a construction that's already part of the problem setup.

In the existing code, the initial guesses include the initial_h_values. Maybe improving that by generating more structured guesses.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with ftol=1e-12. Perhaps decreasing the ftol to allow for more precise optimization, but this might not be necessary.

In the refinement step, the code runs SLSQP for 200 iterations. Maybe increasing this to 300 or more, but again, time is a constraint.

Finally, the code returns the best solution found. If after the initial guesses and optimization steps, the best solution is still not good enough, perhaps adding more refinement steps.

Now, considering all these ideas, I'll modify the code to:

- Add more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Ensure that the code stays within the time budget.

The code should be concise, so I'll need to integrate these changes without making it too long.

For example, in the guesses section, adding more frequencies for pulses and different duty cycles for saw and triangle waves. Also, adding more random samples.

Additionally, in the differential evolution step, increasing the number of iterations and adjusting parameters like mutation and recombination.

So, the modified code would include:

- More guesses like pulses with higher frequencies (maybe up to 15).
- Different duty cycles for saw and triangle waves.
- More random guesses.
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters.
- More refinement steps.

Also, the code can increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution loop and the refinement steps.

Now, implementing these changes in code. For example, in the guesses loop:

Original code:

for freq in range(3, 11):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Modified code:

for freq in range(3, 15):  # higher frequency range
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:  # more duty cycles
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(10):  # more random samples
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Also, in the differential evolution step:

The current parameters are popsize=120, maxiter=70. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100.

In the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations from 10 to 20.

Also, adjusting the ftol in the optimization methods.

This should give more diversity in initial guesses and better exploration of the search space.

Additionally, the code may need to handle time better by checking the remaining time and breaking early if needed.

Now, implementing these changes, while keeping the code concise and within the 300 lines limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.4, 0.8), recombination=0.9, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```