<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The user provided a previous code that used SLSQP and DE optimization methods, starting from an initial_h_values array. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My task is to modify or create a new approach that could find a better bound.

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with h shifted by k. The overlap integral is calculated using the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, then scaled by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and each h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used a combination of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and optimization methods (SLSQP and differential evolution). But maybe there are better ways. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different optimization strategy. Maybe instead of starting with guesses, use a more intelligent initialization. Also, the previous code might be getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps adding more diverse initial guesses or using a Bayesian optimization approach could help. But with the time constraints, maybe a more efficient method is better.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to place intervals in [0,2] such that the overlap with their shifted versions is minimized. The initial guess might be a uniform distribution, but maybe a more structured approach, like using multiple segments or intervals, could perform better.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific construction. Let me imagine that it's a certain pattern. For example, maybe it's a sequence of intervals arranged to minimize overlaps. If I can find a way to model this more effectively, perhaps using a combination of different shapes or patterns, that could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP, but maybe a genetic algorithm or a surrogate model with Bayesian optimization could be more effective. However, implementing those from scratch might be time-consuming and complex.

Alternatively, I can think about using a different representation. For example, instead of a step function, maybe using a piecewise linear function or something else. But the problem specifies that h is a step function, so perhaps the previous approach is correct.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized for shifts k. So, perhaps the optimal h is one that has minimal overlap when shifted. To minimize the maximum overlap, the h should be spread out in such a way that shifting it by different k's doesn't create large overlaps. This is similar to a set of intervals that are spaced out.

An idea is to use a periodic structure. For example, if the function h has a repeating pattern over [0,2], maybe with specific frequencies and duty cycles, that could distribute the mass more evenly. The previous code tried pulses and sawtooth waves, but perhaps using more complex combinations.

Also, the previous approach uses a coarse grid (n_points=45), but maybe higher resolution could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k) are preferred for speed. However, the current code uses n_points=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 samples. Maybe the user is using that as the starting point. So, I can consider optimizing from there, but the previous code didn't find a better result than 0.381142. The target is 0.380876, which is slightly lower. So, how can I improve that?

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a combination of gradient descent and genetic algorithms. But given the time constraint, maybe using a more local search but with better initializations and more thorough exploration.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is convex in some way? But the cross-correlation is a non-convex function, so optimization is tricky.

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100 and maxiter=80. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but that might take more time. However, the user's budget is 100 seconds, and the code must return before that.

Alternatively, could we use a more effective local search? For example, after finding a good candidate via differential evolution, use SLSQP with tighter constraints and more iterations to refine it.

Another idea is to use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjust the function h to minimize the maximum overlap. But how?

Alternatively, since the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation, perhaps using a dynamic programming approach, but that might not be applicable here.

Wait, let's think about the cross-correlation. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these integrals. So, the idea is to arrange the function h such that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is as small as possible. This might suggest that h should avoid having overlapping regions where both are high. For example, if h is spread out across the interval, then shifting it by any k would not cause overlap.

But how to model this? Maybe using a function that is non-overlapping with its shifts. For example, a function that is zero in certain regions and one in others, arranged such that shifting the window would move it into regions where it's zero.

But since it's a step function with a fixed integral of 1, the function has to be non-zero in certain intervals. For example, if the function is a union of intervals spaced out, perhaps like a periodic sequence of pulses. But the exact arrangement is tricky.

Another idea: use a more structured initial guess. For instance, perhaps the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, and we can try modifying it. For example, if it's a sequence of intervals arranged periodically, maybe varying their positions or widths could help.

Alternatively, think in terms of Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation can be related to the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, this might not directly help.

Another possible approach is to use a multi-objective optimization, where we try to minimize all the cross-correlations simultaneously, but this is computationally expensive.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method with better hyperparameters and more extensive exploration. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses or using more diverse starting points, and allowing more iterations in the optimization steps.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, like different pulse shapes, or different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles.

Wait, the code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle functions. Maybe adding more variations, like different pulse widths or more complex waveforms, could help in finding better initial points.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population that evolves over generations. However, implementing genetic algorithms from scratch might be time-consuming, and with the budget, perhaps it's not feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of optimization methods: for example, first using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then applying SLSQP to refine it further.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each method. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods, like increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or the population size and maxiter for DE, could yield better results.

Also, the current code may have a problem with the initial_h_values. If the initial guess is not good enough, the optimization might not find a better solution. So, perhaps generating better initial guesses that are more promising.

Another idea: the user mentioned that they can use a different starting point. The current initial_h_values might be a local minimum. So, generating a different starting point that isn't based on the previous one could help avoid local optima.

For example, using a random starting point but ensuring that the sum is correct. The previous code uses gen_random(), which does that. But perhaps generating more structured random starting points.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple different waveforms. For example, superimposing different pulses or waves to create a more complex shape.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of cross-correlation values, perhaps the optimal h is a certain type of function that's known in the literature. For example, in the Erdős problem, the best known construction uses a certain pattern. If I can replicate that, it might give a better bound.

But given that the user's previous code didn't achieve the target, perhaps I need to explore alternative constructions.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a resource allocation problem where we assign mass to different points (or intervals) to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

Let me think about how to model the cross-correlation. For a step function h, when we compute the cross-correlation with 1-h, it's integrating over x and x+k. The maximum over k would be the worst-case shift. So, the goal is to arrange the steps of h so that for any shift k, the overlapping area between h and (1-h) shifted by k is minimized.

This resembles a covering problem where we want to place "blocks" (representing h) in such a way that when they are shifted, the overlap doesn't get too large.

Another idea: using the concept of a "greedy" algorithm. For example, start with a uniform distribution and then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, where we gradually adjust the function h in the hope of finding a lower maximum overlap. This could be a possibility, but implementing it might take time.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code. Let's think about possible modifications.

First, the code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP refinement steps could help. Also, in the initial guesses, increasing the diversity of starting points might find better minima.

Another idea: in the current code, the DE is run with 5 iterations, each time generating a new guess. Perhaps increasing the number of DE runs or using more iterations per run could lead to better solutions.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed dx, but maybe adjusting the sampling rate (n_points) could help. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so increasing n_points might not be preferable.

Another possible optimization: the cross-correlation calculation is expensive. Maybe precomputing the shifts or optimizing the objective function to be faster, but given the constraints, perhaps that's not the issue.

Alternatively, using a more efficient representation. For example, instead of using a dense array, maybe using a sparse representation, but with steps, that might not help.

Hmm. Also, in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, instead of using the previous construction, try starting with a completely different pattern, like a more spread-out or structured one.

But the user says that if the initial_h_values is available, use it. So the code should use it as the starting point.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe generating more guesses based on different combinations of parameters. For example, varying frequencies and duty cycles more widely.

Also, perhaps adding more types of waveforms. For example, combining pulses and triangles, or other shapes.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts k, but the maximum over k is what determines the C5 value. So, maybe focusing on optimizing for the k that gives the highest overlap in the initial guess. But how to do that efficiently.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach. However, the problem is non-convex, so gradients might not be reliable.

Putting this together, the plan for the new code is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

2. Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including different waveforms (pulses, sawtooth, triangles, etc.), with varying parameters.

3. Use differential evolution to explore the search space, with parameters tuned for better exploration (higher population size, more iterations).

4. Refine the best candidates using SLSQP with more iterations to find local minima.

5. Additionally, include other strategies like random restarts or different optimization methods.

But given the time, perhaps the code should be optimized to do this efficiently.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Increase the number of DE iterations and population size.

- Add more initial guesses, maybe more varied.

- Refine the SLSQP with more iterations.

- Also, consider using more diverse waveforms in the initial guesses.

But given the code structure, perhaps the previous code's approach can be modified.

Another possible change: instead of using gen_random() multiple times, generate more structured guesses. For example, generating multiple pulse trains with different frequencies and duty cycles, and combining them.

Alternatively, trying to create a function that is more spread out. For example, using a spline-based function or a more complex waveform.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to implement the existing approach with better hyperparameters.

Wait, in the previous code, the DE is run with popsize=100, maxiter=80. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 or 120, or increasing the population size.

Also, in the SLSQP refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations could help.

Additionally, the code uses multiple different waveforms. Maybe increasing the number of guesses by varying the parameters.

Another idea: using a combination of different waveforms for the initial guesses. For example, using pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, and sawtooth/triangle waves with different parameters.

Also, including more random samples.

But how to code this concisely.

Alternatively, predefine a list of parameters for each waveform and generate all combinations.

Also, the code may not be exhaustive enough. For example, in the previous code, the guesses include:

For freq in 2 to 10, pulses with 0.5 duty.

For duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6], saw and triangle waves at freq=3.

Then 5 random samples.

Maybe expanding this to include more frequencies and duty cycles. For example, more frequencies for the pulses, or more duty cycles for the saw and triangle.

Additionally, maybe adding more random samples.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is evaluated for all shifts, but perhaps the maximum is achieved for certain shifts. Maybe the function h is designed to have minimal overlap for those shifts. However, the optimization has to consider all k, so perhaps focusing on the most critical shifts.

But in the code, the objective function is the maximum of all cross-correlations, so the optimization is considering all shifts.

Another possible optimization: the initial code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe using more initial guesses, but generated in a smarter way.

But given the constraints, perhaps this is not feasible.

In code, the guesses are generated as:

guesses = [h]
for freq in 2, 3,..., 10:
    append pulses with duty 0.5
for duty in 0.2, 0.3, etc:
    append saw with freq=3, duty
    append triangle with same.

But this might miss some useful patterns.

Maybe adding more waveforms, like square waves, or other shapes.

Alternatively, generating multiple different pulse trains with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

In any case, the previous code's main issue might be that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to suboptimal results.

Another idea: use a combination of different initial guesses and perform more thorough optimization. For example, using a larger number of initial guesses and more iterations of DE.

So, in the code, instead of generating only a few guesses, generate more, and perform more DE steps.

But how to code that concisely.

Also, in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, it runs DE with 5 iterations. Maybe increasing that number.

Additionally, the code uses the SLSQP refinement step with 15 iterations. Keeping that, but possibly increasing the number if time allows.

Another possible optimization: using a different method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore the space, but that would require more code.

Alternatively, trying to find better hyperparameters for the optimization methods.

But in code, the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-9 and maxiter=200. Maybe increasing maxiter to 500 or 1000, but this may take more time.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's better to optimize the code to run faster.

Another possible idea: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function is a combination of all cross-correlations, but this may be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or other method to approximate the objective function, but again, this may be too complex.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code by increasing the diversity of initial guesses, adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods (like more DE iterations, more SLSQP iterations), and possibly adding more varied waveforms in the initial guesses. Also, refining the code to make it run as efficiently as possible within the time budget.

Another thing to note is that the code returns the best solution found, so even if some steps take longer, it's important to find the best possible solution within the budget.

Let me now think about how to translate these ideas into code changes.

First, in the code, the initial guesses include:

- The initial_h_values

- Pulses with frequencies from 2 to 10, duty 0.5.

- Sawtooth and triangle waves at freq=3, with duty from 0.2 to 0.6.

- 5 random samples.

Maybe expanding the number of frequencies and duty cycles. For example, including freq=1, 2, ..., 12, and varying duty cycles more.

But since the user wants the code to be concise, I need to generate these guesses algorithmically.

So, for the pulses, perhaps generate frequencies from 2 to 5, and for each, add a pulse with duty cycles of 0.3, 0.5, 0.7.

For sawtooth and triangle, maybe vary the frequency and duty cycles.

But how to code this concisely.

Another idea is to generate all possible combinations of parameters that could be relevant. However, without writing out all the possibilities, which could be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, generating more guesses by varying the parameters of the existing functions.

For example, in the code, the gen_pulses function uses a sine wave. Perhaps varying the frequency and duty cycles.

Similarly, the gen_saw and gen_triangle functions can have more varied parameters.

Another possible change is to increase the number of DE iterations. The previous code uses 80 maxiter, but perhaps increasing to 120 or 150.

Also, in the SLSQP refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations from 15 to 20 or more.

Also, in the DE part, increasing the number of iterations from 5 to 10.

Another idea: using more different waveforms. For example, including square waves or other patterns.

But without a function to generate them, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, think of other functions that could be useful. For example, a stepped function with multiple pulses.

But perhaps this is similar to the pulse function.

In any case, the existing code's initial guesses are already generating various waveforms. So, perhaps the main issue is not the guesses but the optimization procedures.

Thus, the plan for the code is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying the parameters of the existing waveforms and adding more types.

- Increase the number of DE iterations and the population size.

- Increase the SLSQP refinement steps.

- Use tighter constraints and more iterations in the optimization steps.

In code, this would involve modifying the guesses section, the DE parameters, and the SLSQP parameters.

So, in the code, the guesses are generated with:

for freq in range(2, 11):

But maybe expanding that to a higher frequency range.

Also, adding more duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle waves.

Another idea is to use more random samples, but the previous code uses 5.

Alternatively, generate a larger number of random samples, but that could be time-consuming.

In terms of code structure, the existing guesses are generated by appending different functions. So, for example, increasing the frequency range, or adding more pulses with different duties.

For example, instead of using a fixed duty of 0.5 for pulses, vary it.

But the previous code uses duty=0.5 for pulses, which is probably a good starting point, but maybe adding others can help.

Thus, modifying the code to generate more varied guesses.

Additionally, in the DE part, increasing the number of iterations and population size.

But the code already has a high population size of 100, so perhaps increasing maxiter.

Putting this all together, the modified code would have:

- More initial guesses with varied parameters.

- More DE and SLSQP iterations.

- Tighter tolerances for optimization.

Another possible optimization is to use a combination of initial guesses and random exploration. For example, after a few DE iterations, randomly perturb the best solution to explore new areas.

But this might complicate the code.

In conclusion, the modified code would include:

- More varied initial guesses.

- More iterations for DE and SLSQP.

- Tighter convergence criteria.

- More exploration of the search space.

So, the final code will modify these aspects, and hopefully, achieve a lower C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 7):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
    for freq in range(2, 6):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=150,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 50:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```