<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires finding a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated using the maximum of the convolution between h and 1 - h. The constraints are that h integrates to 1 over [0,2], and each h(x) is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize the function. It tried various initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random variations. The current best was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. So I need to find a better construction.

Hmm. Let me think about possible strategies. Maybe I can explore different types of functions that could lead to lower overlap. The previous code tried pulses and sawtooth, but perhaps there's another structure. Maybe a more symmetric or periodic function?

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a signal that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted version. In information theory, this is akin to designing a code with certain properties. Perhaps using a more optimal pattern than what's been tried before?

Wait, the Erdős problem is about finding a sequence where the minimum overlap is maximized. Wait, no. Wait, the problem is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap over all shifts k. So, for each shift k, compute the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and take the maximum over k. The goal is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code uses a discretized approach, sampling h at n_points points, and then computes the convolution. The key is to find the best h that spreads out the 1s in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

One possible approach is to use a more structured construction. For example, maybe a combination of intervals where h is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, but arranged to minimize overlaps. However, with the current budget, perhaps a more efficient optimization method is needed.

Another idea: since the previous code used a genetic approach with differential evolution and SLSQP, maybe I can improve the initial guesses or the optimization process. For example, maybe use a more intelligent initial guess based on known optimal constructions or mathematical insights.

Wait, the current initial_h_values are from a parent construction. If I can generate a better initial guess by modifying that, perhaps by adding more structure or refining existing patterns, that could help. For example, maybe the existing initial guess has some periodicity that can be enhanced.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach or a more advanced local search?

Another approach: since the problem involves maximizing the minimum, maybe the overlapping integrals can be analyzed using Fourier analysis. The integral over the product of h and (1-h) shifted by k can be represented in terms of the Fourier transform. However, integrating this might be complex, but perhaps it gives insights into the optimal shape of h.

Alternatively, considering the integral for each k. For each k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). If we can design h so that for all k, the integrals are as small as possible, that's the goal.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? Maybe by considering that for certain shifts, the integral is maximized. So perhaps the optimal h balances the overlap across all shifts.

Wait, perhaps using a more clever initialization. For example, starting with a square wave pattern but with more complex structures. The previous code tried pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe combining these or using a different wave pattern?

Another thought: the current best C₅ is around 0.38. To get lower, perhaps need to use a function that is more uniformly distributed? For instance, a function that is 1 in regions that are spread out so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

Wait, the problem is similar to scheduling or packing. The function h(x) can be thought of as placing units (area 1) in the interval [0, 2], and when shifted, the overlap between the original and shifted regions is to be minimized.

In that analogy, the minimal maximum overlap would correspond to a way of placing these units as spread out as possible.

But how to model this? Maybe using an optimal control approach where the function h(x) is designed to avoid overlapping too much when shifted.

Alternatively, think of the function as a probability distribution over the interval, where the overlap integral is the expected value of (1 - h(x + k)) for a random x, given that x is selected from the distribution of h(x). Not sure if this helps directly.

Another idea: since the integral is over the full interval, the maximum overlap over all shifts might be minimized when the function h is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is 1 in two intervals that are spaced as far apart as possible. But since the integral is 1, the total area is fixed. So maybe distributing the 1s in h in such a way that they are as far apart as possible.

But for the interval [0, 2], the optimal placement might be two intervals of length 1, spaced as far apart as possible. Wait, but the area is 1, so if two intervals each of length 0.5, spaced apart. But that's just one possibility.

Alternatively, three intervals of length 1/3, spaced to minimize overlaps. But with the integral fixed at 1.

But the problem is that the shift k can be any real number, not just discrete. So overlapping can happen for any shift. Therefore, the function h should be designed so that for all shifts k, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, but in the current problem, the integral is over x in [0,2], and when shifting by k, the shifted interval x + k may wrap around. However, the code uses a discrete convolution with mode 'full', which effectively computes the integral for all possible shifts, considering the overlapping regions. Wait, but the original problem's integral for a shift k would be over x in the overlap of [0,2] and [0,2 -k], right? But the code uses the full convolution, which computes for all possible shifts, but I'm not sure if that's exactly equivalent.

But regardless, the code seems to model the problem correctly with the convolution.

So, given that, perhaps the optimal h is a function that has a certain periodic structure. For example, a function that's 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, arranged periodically. However, given the integral of 1, the pattern must be designed to fit.

Another approach: use symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around 1, then shifts k=1 would lead to some symmetrical overlaps. Maybe this can help balance the overlaps.

But how to translate this into a function that can be optimized?

Alternative plan: Instead of using SLSQP with initial guesses, perhaps use a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms with better parameters, or a more efficient local search with better starting points.

Wait, the previous code tried several guesses. Maybe I can generate more varied initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses and sawtooth, generate other patterns, like sine waves with specific frequencies or more complex shapes.

Alternatively, use a metaheuristic approach that combines multiple optimization techniques. For example, a hybrid of differential evolution and local search.

Another idea: use a different discretization. The previous code uses n_points = 45 (from the initial_h_values). Maybe trying with more points (like 60 or 80) would allow for more precise optimization. However, with the time budget, using more points may increase the computational cost. But the problem states that smaller sequences (like less than 1k samples) are preferred. So maybe the previous code's use of 45 points is acceptable.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have n_points = 45, and the code uses that. So the current solution is based on that. So perhaps modifying that initial guess would be better.

Alternatively, generate a new initial guess that's more optimal. For example, using a more evenly spaced distribution of 1s and 0s.

Another approach: Let's think of the problem as an optimization with constraints. We need to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a non-convex, non-smooth objective. So standard convex optimization methods may not work. Hence, the use of numerical optimization methods is necessary.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe try using a more advanced optimization library or adjust the parameters to get better results.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize. The current code has a function that tries several guesses, and then refines them with SLSQP. Maybe I can try different initial guesses or adjust the parameters of the optimization to get a better result.

Another thought: the problem requires that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. The current code uses a constraint to enforce this. But maybe the way this is handled in the optimization can be improved. For example, maybe using a different method for handling the equality constraint, or scaling the variables better.

Alternatively, using a penalty method for the constraint. But the code already does that via the cons function.

Another idea: perhaps using a different sampling method. For example, instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe use a dynamic approach where the number of points is adjusted during the optimization. But the problem states that the number of points should be small, so maybe not.

Alternatively, using more efficient heuristics for generating initial guesses. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s in the function h such that each new 1 is placed to minimize the maximum overlap so far. But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, use a pattern based on the known Erdős constant. For example, known constructions for the Erdős problem might have certain structures that can be adapted. However, since I'm not familiar with the exact constructions, this might be challenging.

Another approach: consider that the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift. So, if we can design h such that for certain critical shifts (like k = 0.5, 1, 1.5, etc.), the overlap is minimized.

But how to model that in the optimization?

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize the maximum overlap for several key shifts, and then refine the function for other shifts. But that might complicate the optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code's best result was 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement in the code could bring it lower. Maybe by adjusting the initial guesses or the optimization parameters, or using more efficient algorithms.

Wait, the previous code uses a few initial guesses and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe trying more diverse initial guesses would help escape local minima. For example, generating more different patterns, such as different pulse patterns, or randomized ones.

Also, the code tries several random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random samples would help. But with time constraints, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Another thought: the code uses the 'full' mode for convolution. Let me check what that does. The 'full' mode returns the convolution of the two arrays, which is an array of length 2n - 1. The maximum of this array is taken as the C5 value. But when the original array is length n, the convolution over the full mode includes shifts from -n+1 to +n-1. However, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts that are more relevant. Maybe considering only certain shifts could be more efficient, but the problem requires checking all possible shifts.

So, I need to ensure that the optimization finds a function that balances all possible shifts.

Another approach: perhaps using a different parameterization for h. For example, instead of a step function, maybe using a piecewise linear function or other smooth functions, but the problem requires a step function. Wait, the problem says "step function", but the discretization is a sampled step function, which can be thought of as having values either 0 or 1. Wait, no, the h is a step function but in the discretized version, it's represented as samples at n_points points, which can take any value between 0 and 1. So, the actual function h is continuous, but the code uses a discretized version to approximate it.

Wait, the problem says that h is a step function, but the code uses a sampled version. Maybe the optimal continuous function is not a step function but allows for more refined structures. However, the code uses a sampled approach, so the solution is discrete.

So, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to try more varied initial guesses, improve the optimization parameters, or use different optimization methods.

For example, in the code, the initial guesses include puls-like waveforms, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding other waveforms or more structured patterns.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for refinement steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection or other strategies.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and fine-tune the optimization process.

Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that spreads the 1s apart.

Another idea: use a function that is 1 for certain intervals that are spaced periodically. For example, if the function is designed to be 1 for intervals of length a, and 0 otherwise, spaced such that the intervals are as far apart as possible.

But for the integral to be 1, the total length of the 1 regions must be 1. So, suppose there are m intervals of length l each, such that m*l = 1. The spacing between them would need to be maximized. However, the function has to be defined over [0, 2], so the spacing depends on where the intervals are placed.

For example, with two intervals of length 0.5, placed at 0.5 and 1.5. Then the integral is 0.5 + 0.5 = 1. The maximum overlap for shift k would depend on the distance between the intervals. For example, shift by 0.5 would align the first interval with the second, leading to an overlap of 0.5*0.5 = 0.25. But perhaps this is too simplistic and not optimal.

Alternatively, using more intervals. For example, three intervals of length 1/3, each spaced to minimize overlaps. But this is getting complicated.

Another idea: the current initial_h_values might be from an optimal construction. So, perhaps refining that construction further with more advanced optimization techniques.

In the previous code, the refinement phase uses SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using better optimization settings could improve the result.

Also, the code uses a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, while SLSQP is good for local refinement. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these algorithms could yield better results.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of random guesses, generate a grid of possible patterns and evaluate them. For example, varying frequencies, duty cycles, and amplitudes.

Alternatively, using more structured guesses, such as a Fourier series with specific coefficients, to create more complex waveforms that could lead to lower overlap.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by making the following changes:

1. Use a larger number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters (like maximum iterations, tolerance) to allow better convergence.
3. Use different initial guess functions, such as modulated sine waves or other periodic patterns.
4. Increase the refinement steps with more iterations of SLSQP.
5. Introduce more sophisticated methods for generating initial guesses, such as combining different waveforms or using a mating process between existing guesses.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random. Maybe adding more diverse patterns or combining them.

Another thing to consider: the problem may benefit from using a different discretization. For example, using a larger n_points, but the code uses 45, which is acceptable for the budget.

Wait, the problem allows for sequences with less than 1k samples. So using n_points = 60 or 80 could be better. However, with the time budget, the previous code uses 45. Maybe trying with a different n_points?

But changing the n_points requires recomputing the initial_h_values, which may not be possible if they're provided by the parent. So, assuming that the initial_h_values are for 45 points, perhaps stick with that.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying with different n_points could yield better results. For example, using 60 points would allow for more refined sampling, but it's unclear if that's better. However, the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds, so it's possible that with more points, the computational cost increases, but maybe the improvement is worth it.

But given that the parent's initial_h_values are for n_points = 45, perhaps it's better to stick with that for consistency.

So, focusing on improving the existing code's approach.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. Maybe instead of randomly generating random guesses, using some educated guesses based on known optimal patterns. For example, using a function that's periodic with period 1, with certain duty cycles, but that's similar to the previous code's approach.

Alternatively, using a mixture of different patterns. For example, combining a pulse and a triangle wave.

Another modification: in the code, when generating guesses, the code appends multiple pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses. Maybe generating a few more guesses with different parameters could help.

Additionally, the code uses a differential evolution with popsize 50 and maxiter 50. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting other parameters could help.

In the refinement phase, after getting the best guess, the code uses SLSQP with 300 iterations. This might be sufficient.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then performing a more extensive optimization around it. For example, using an initial guess that's the initial_h_values, then applying SLSQP with more iterations.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then tries several other guesses. Perhaps the initial guess is the best one, but it may be stuck in a local minimum. So, by trying more different initial guesses, the code can explore different regions of the search space.

But in the current code, it's possible that the initial guess is already a good one, but refinement is not sufficient. So, perhaps the code needs more refinement steps or better optimization parameters.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use a more advanced local optimization method, such as the BFGS algorithm, but it's unclear if that's better. Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints.

Alternatively, adjusting the tolerance in the optimization steps to get a more precise solution.

Another possible change: the objective function is np.max(corr) * dx. The corr is a numpy.correlate result, which may not be precise for the exact integral. Wait, but the code uses the full convolution, which aligns with the definition of the overlap integral for different shifts. So the code's calculation of the overlap is correct.

But how accurate is the discrete approximation? For example, if the function is sampled at n_points points, the integral is approximated by sum(h * (1 - h shifted)) * dx. This is accurate up to the discretization error, which may be acceptable for the purposes of finding a good solution.

Given all this, the key is to optimize the code's existing approach with better initial guesses and more refined optimization steps.

Now, considering all these ideas, I need to modify the previous code to try more varied initial guesses and improve the optimization process.

Let me outline the changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different patterns.
2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution and SLSQP for better convergence.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps to explore nearby optima.
4. Use better initial guesses, such as more complex waveforms or combinations.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code.

First, generating more initial guesses. For example, adding sine-based functions or other waveforms. Or adjusting the existing functions to have more variation.

Another thing: in the previous code, the gen_pulses function uses a sine wave and clips it to create a pulse. Maybe modifying that to use different frequencies.

Alternatively, generating functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

Also, in the code, the initial guesses include several different types. Perhaps adding more generators, like inverse sawtooth, or using multiple frequencies.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help. However, with time constraints, it's better to balance.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated as follows:

- The initial_h_values is added as the first guess.
- Then, for freq 3 to 9, generate pulses with 0.5 duty.
- Then, for various duty cycles, generate saw and triangle waves.
- Then 5 random guesses.

Maybe adding more pulse frequencies, or generating more complex patterns.

Another modification: using a function that generates a more complex waveform by combining different elements. For example, a pulse followed by a triangle.

But perhaps that's too complex. Instead, the code could generate more varied functions, such as using different duty cycles for the existing generators.

Also, adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods. For example, in SLSQP, the ftol parameter controls the tolerance for the function value. Maybe increasing the maxiter would allow for more refinement.

Another possible change: in the code, when using differential evolution, the maxiter is set to 50. Maybe increasing it to 100, but that might take more time. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, so if the time is enough, it's worth trying.

Another idea: using parallel processing, but the problem states only one CPU is available, so that's not possible.

In the refinement phase, the code uses SLSQP for 300 iterations. That's a lot, but perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Another possible optimization: the previous code uses a separate refine function that runs SLSQP multiple times. Perhaps combining these steps or adjusting the parameters.

Putting this all together, here's how the code can be modified:

- Add more initial guesses with varying patterns.
- Use more optimized parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Adjust the parameters for the optimization methods to get better convergence.

Now, translating this into code.

Let me think about generating more initial guesses. For example, instead of just 3-9 frequencies for pulses, generate more of them. Also, try different duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle waves.

Additionally, generate a different type of waveform, such as a square wave with a phase shift.

But with code constraints, perhaps the code can generate more guesses by expanding the existing loops.

For example, in the previous code, the loops for freq and duty generate several guesses. Expanding these loops to generate more guesses could help.

Also, the code's initial guess includes the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. So, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses by generating more variations around that.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, use a few more structured guesses based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly.

But the code's current approach is to generate multiple guesses and refine them.

Considering all these, I'll proceed to modify the code to:

- Generate more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.
- Use different optimization parameters.
- Refine the best solution more thoroughly.

Now, I need to code this into the existing structure.

Let me outline the code steps:

1. Define the initial guess as initial_h_values.
2. Generate additional guesses: pulses with various frequencies and duty cycles, sawtooth and triangle waves with various parameters, random guesses.
3. Use SLSQP to refine each guess.
4. Use differential evolution with more iterations.
5. Refine the best solution with SLSQP multiple times.
6. Return the best solution.

Now, coding this with the changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, phase=0):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x + phase)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase=0):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty, phase=0):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1 + phase) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(7):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```