<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and I need to aim for something lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods and various initial guesses. Hmm. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap integral over all shifts, with the constraint that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. The function h is a step function, discretized into n_points samples. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are gradient-based and population-based methods. But maybe there's a better way.

I recall that the Erdős problem is related to the concept of discrepancy, where you want to distribute points as evenly as possible to minimize the maximum overlap. The best known upper bounds for C₅ are around 0.38..., and there's a construction that uses a specific pattern, like a combination of pulses or a more complex shape.

The previous code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which might be a certain pattern like a pulse or a triangular wave. The user mentioned that starting from a different construction might help avoid local minima. So maybe I should consider generating different initial patterns, like more complex waveforms or maybe using a more structured approach.

Wait, the previous code tried a few different functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, and some random guesses. But perhaps there's a way to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using a combination of multiple frequencies or varying duty cycles could lead to better initial points.

Another thought: the constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1. So the area under the curve is fixed. The optimization is over all possible such functions. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, could be better.

But how to optimize that? Maybe instead of using random guesses, use a grid search over certain parameters. But with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic like genetic algorithms? The previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar. But maybe adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods could help. For example, increasing the population size or mutation rate in DE, or adjusting the number of iterations.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement after some initial guesses. But maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not good enough, and the optimization gets stuck in a local minimum. So perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For instance, trying more different functions, not just pulses, sawtooth, etc.

Another idea: The current code uses a fixed number of n_points (maybe 45, as initial_h_values is 45 samples). But maybe trying different n_points could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But the example uses n_points=45. So perhaps trying larger n_points (like 90, 180) might allow for more granular distributions, but would take longer to compute. But the time budget is tight, so maybe keeping n_points around 100 would be better.

Wait, the user's previous code used n_points=45, and the initial_h_values is for that. So maybe I should stick with that n_points for consistency.

Another thing: the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation at all shifts. The maximum of this is the C5 value. To minimize the maximum, perhaps the optimal function has a certain symmetry or periodicity.

Let me think about the structure of the optimal h. If the function has some periodic structure, maybe with a certain period that divides 2 (the interval length), then the overlap could be minimized. For example, a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that shifting it leads to minimal overlap.

The previous code tried using pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves. Maybe another approach is to use a more complex waveform that's designed to spread out the 1s and 0s in a way that their overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that's a combination of multiple pulse sequences with different frequencies. For example, a function that is 1 in certain regions but with varying widths, ensuring that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Another thought: The problem is similar to the problem of finding a function h such that the maximum of the convolution of h and (1 - h) is minimized. Convolution here is equivalent to the integral over the overlap as the shift changes. So perhaps using Fourier analysis could help. But I'm not sure how to apply it here, given the constraints.

Alternatively, since the function h must integrate to 1, maybe there's a way to parameterize h in terms of its intervals. For example, if h is a step function that has spikes at certain points, the positions and widths of these spikes can be optimized to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model that? Maybe using a set of points where h is 1, and the rest are 0, but then the integral would be the total length of the 1s. Wait, but the integral is fixed at 1, so the total length of the 1s is 1. So the problem becomes placing intervals of total length 1 on [0,2] such that the maximum overlap with any shift of the function is minimized.

This seems like a covering problem. So, perhaps if I can arrange the intervals such that when shifted, they don't overlap too much with the original set.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe by using a greedy algorithm to place intervals, but that's not guaranteed to find the optimal.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution might have a certain number of intervals. For example, using multiple intervals of certain lengths. But how to determine their positions and widths?

Another idea: The previous code uses a variety of guess functions. Maybe I can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using functions that are combinations of different waveforms, or using noise-like patterns.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the user says that the code should use that if available. So maybe I can generate more initial guesses based on that structure. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly, or applying transformations like scaling, shifting, or combining with other functions.

But perhaps the previous code's approach is not sufficient. Let me think about the optimization steps again. The code uses SLSQP for refinement, and DE for global search. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is not diverse enough in the initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe a better approach is to use a different optimization algorithm, such as particle swarm optimization (PSO), but I'm not sure if scipy has that implemented. The previous code uses DE and SLSQP, which are both available in scipy.optimize.

Another thought: The max correlation is being minimized. So, the objective function is the maximum of all possible correlations. However, calculating all these could be computationally intensive. Maybe there's a way to approximate the maximum, but for the given problem, the code already uses np.correlate, which is straightforward.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. The previous code runs for 100 seconds. The code has multiple steps: generating initial guesses, running DE, and then refining with SLSQP. Maybe I can optimize the code to run faster, allowing more iterations or better parameters.

For example, the differential evolution part in the previous code runs for a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the popsize or the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. However, the code has a check to break early if time is up.

Alternatively, the code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, but maybe adjusting the tolerance settings could lead to better convergence.

Another idea: The initial code uses a fixed number of frequencies and duty cycles for generating the guesses. Maybe varying those parameters more thoroughly would lead to better initial guesses. For example, trying more frequencies, or different duty cycles, or combining them.

But how to do that efficiently? Maybe generating more initial guesses by varying the parameters in a grid.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses, such as using a random walk or other methods to create diverse initial solutions.

Another angle: The problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum inner product of two vectors, under certain constraints. The overlap integral can be seen as a measure of how much the function overlaps with its shifted versions. So, perhaps this is a type of optimization problem that can be transformed into a convex or non-convex optimization problem.

But since the function h is a step function, the problem is non-convex due to the max operator. So, gradient-based methods may not be effective, and global optimization methods like DE or genetic algorithms are needed.

So, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses and use more efficient optimization techniques. The previous code uses several guesses, but maybe there's a way to create more diverse ones.

Another idea: The initial_h_values is designed as a certain pattern. Maybe I can generate similar patterns by modifying the initial_h_values. For example, splitting the initial pattern into more segments, or adjusting the amplitudes.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is a known construction. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals arranged to minimize overlap. If that's the case, starting from that and perturbing it might help.

Another approach is to use a more advanced optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization, which can be more efficient in finding the global minimum. However, scipy's optimize doesn't have a built-in Bayesian optimization, so that may not be feasible.

Alternatively, consider that the problem has some symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then perhaps the overlap could be minimized. But I'm not sure about that.

Another thing: The code's current best is 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the existing record of 0.38085. So the goal is to get lower. How to achieve that?

Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The previous code uses initial_h_values, which might not be the best. But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So perhaps the code should take that as the starting point.

But maybe the initial_h_values is based on a certain construction, like a pulse train. For example, if the initial_h_values is a periodic function with certain period and duty cycle, then modifying those parameters could lead to a better result.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more continuous function. For example, using a smooth function with varying slopes, rather than step functions. But the discretized h is a step function, so the actual function is piecewise constant.

Wait, but the discretized version is a step function with n_points samples. So the optimal solution in the continuous case may be approximated by a step function with a certain number of intervals.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another thought: The code uses multiple methods, but perhaps a hybrid approach would be better. For example, using DE for global search with a population that includes multiple diverse initial guesses, then refining those with SLSQP. The previous code does this, but maybe adjusting the DE parameters could help.

For example, increasing the mutation rate or the number of generations. Or using a different recombination strategy.

Alternatively, using a combination of different mutation strategies, or using a parameter tuning approach for DE.

Another angle: The definition of the overlap integral is the maximum of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. This can be interpreted as the maximum overlap between h and its shifted version. To minimize this, the h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap is as small as possible.

So, for any shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x) over the region where x is such that x + k is in the support of h. This is equivalent to the integral over the intersection of the support of h and the shifted support of h. So, the problem is to arrange the support of h such that this intersection is as small as possible for all shifts.

This seems similar to a covering problem where the support is spread out to minimize overlaps.

Perhaps the optimal solution is a set of points where the support is divided into intervals that are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, if the support is divided into m intervals, then the spacing between them is such that shifting h by any k would not cause overlaps.

But how to model this? For example, using m intervals of equal length, but spread out over [0,2]. But the total length is 1, so each interval would have length 1/m. However, arranging them around the interval [0,2] would require that the intervals don't overlap when shifted. But this might not be possible for certain m.

Alternatively, the support can be arranged in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. Like a pattern that repeats periodically, but with some offset.

For example, a function that is 1 in intervals of length 1/m, arranged in a way that the distance between any two intervals is sufficient to prevent overlapping when shifted.

But how to determine m and the exact positions?

Maybe using the concept of the Erdős discrepancy problem, where sequences are designed to have low discrepancy. However, the connection isn't direct, but the approach might be similar.

But since I need to code this, perhaps trying different numbers of intervals and optimizing their positions.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a set of positions and lengths of the intervals.

However, that could be computationally expensive. Alternatively, using a more heuristic approach.

Wait, the code's initial_h_values is for n_points=45. So the function is divided into 45 samples, each either 0 or 1. Wait, no, the h_values are in [0,1], so the function is a step function with 45 points. So it's a piecewise constant function with 45 intervals? No, the h_values are samples over the interval [0,2], so with dx=2/45, the function is a step function with each step between consecutive samples. For example, if h[i] is the value in the interval [i * dx, (i+1) * dx).

So, the discretization leads to a piecewise constant function. So the problem is to choose these values (each between 0 and 1) such that the integral is 1, and the maximum overlap is minimized.

Given that, perhaps generating initial guesses based on certain patterns would be beneficial. For example, using a periodic function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise.

But since the integral must be 1, the fraction of time it's 1 is 1 / 2, since the total length is 2. Wait, no. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So if the function is 1 over an interval of length L and 0 elsewhere, then the integral is L. So for that to equal 1, L must be 1. So the function would be 1 on an interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. However, this would have an overlap with itself when shifted by k=0.5, leading to an overlap of 0.5 * 1 = 0.5. Which is worse than the current record. So that can't be the case.

But the optimal function must have a more complex structure. Possibly a combination of multiple intervals.

Another idea: Use a function that is 1 in several non-overlapping intervals, each of length L_i, and the sum of L_i is 1. The positions of these intervals are chosen such that shifting the function by any k does not cause too much overlap.

For example, arranging intervals with spacing between them so that their shifted versions do not overlap. For instance, if the intervals are spaced so that the distance between them is larger than the length of each interval, then shifting by any value would not lead to overlaps. But this is only possible if the intervals are arranged in a way that the distance between any two intervals is more than the length of the interval. However, given the total length of 1 for all intervals, and the interval [0,2], this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, arranging the intervals in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimal. For example, if the intervals are arranged in a periodic pattern, but with some offset.

But again, how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem?

Perhaps the key is to look for a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but arranged in such a way that for every possible shift, the overlap is minimized.

Given that, the previous code's initial guess may not be optimal. So, the plan is to generate more diverse initial guesses, and use optimization methods that can refine them further.

Let me think about how to modify the previous code to improve on it.

First, the current code uses initial_h_values as a starting point. Let's assume that it's a good starting point. Then, it generates other initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves. Maybe adding more varied functions could help.

Another idea: Use a combination of functions. For example, a function that is the sum of multiple pulses with different frequencies and phases. This is more complex but could lead to better overlap properties.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses by combining multiple existing patterns. For example, taking the initial_h_values and perturbing it in different ways.

But how to code this?

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using a tabu search or simulated annealing. However, implementing these in Python with scipy might be challenging.

Alternatively, increasing the number of DE iterations or adjusting the parameters to allow for better exploration of the solution space.

Also, the code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe adjusting the parameters like the tolerance (ftol) to get a better solution.

Another thing to consider: The initial code uses a fixed number of guesses, but perhaps generating more guesses, especially ones that are not in the same family as the initial_h_values, could lead to better results.

For example, generating more random guesses, or more complex pulse-like functions.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed 'duty' for the pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe varying the duty cycle more finely could lead to better results.

Another idea: Instead of generating guesses based on certain waveforms, use a more direct approach. For example, using a random guess that satisfies the integral constraint and then using optimization.

But how to generate such guesses? For example, generating a random function where each sample is randomly set, but normalized to sum to n_points/2.

But perhaps the previous code's 'gen_random' function does that.

So, possible improvements:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying frequencies, duty cycles, and combining different waveforms.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods, like increasing the population size in DE or the number of iterations.

3. Use more efficient refinement steps, such as using a combination of different optimization methods.

4. Consider using more sophisticated initial guesses, like combining multiple waveforms.

But how to implement this within the code constraints?

Let me think about how to modify the previous code.

First, in the guesses section, the code currently generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and some random guesses. Maybe adding more variations, like different frequencies or waveforms.

For example, adding more frequencies for pulses or triangles. Also, perhaps trying different combinations, like combining pulses and triangles.

Alternatively, trying to use a specific known construction. For example, if there's a known construction for C₅ that achieves a lower bound, perhaps using that as an initial guess.

But since I don't know about such a construction, I need to rely on the initial_h_values and improvements on it.

Another idea: Instead of using pulse or triangle wave functions, use a function that has more complex patterns. For example, a function that is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that ensures minimal overlap. This could be achieved by a specific pattern, like a set of intervals placed at random.

But again, how to generate that in code.

Alternatively, use a function that is 1 in intervals of varying lengths but arranged to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code.

Another possible improvement: After generating initial guesses, maybe perform a local optimization step, like SLSQP, but with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Also, the code currently uses the DE method for a limited number of iterations. Perhaps increasing that or using a different mutation strategy could help.

In the previous code, the DE is run 5 times with a loop that breaks if time is up. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or population size.

Another consideration: The time budget is tight. So, the code needs to be efficient. Using the DE method with a small population size and a limited number of iterations may be too slow, but perhaps with some optimizations, it can be made faster.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm that's better suited for the problem.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation. This is a non-convex problem with many local minima. Therefore, global optimization methods like DE are needed, but they can be slow.

So, perhaps using a combination of DE and SLSQP, where DE is used to explore the solution space, and then SLSQP is used to refine the best found guesses.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, the code runs DE for 5 iterations, then runs SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or using a better mutation strategy.

Another idea: The code's initial_h_values may not be the best starting point. Perhaps using a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, generating a better initial guess based on some intuition about the optimal function.

But without knowing what that initial guess is, it's difficult. However, the user mentions that the initial_h_values is provided, so the code should use it. So, perhaps starting from that, and then trying to perturb it in various ways.

Another thought: Maybe the optimal function has some symmetry or periodicity. For example, if the function is symmetric around x=1, then the overlap for shifts k and 2 - k would be the same. This could reduce the complexity of the problem, but how to enforce it?

But again, without knowing the structure, it's hard to enforce these constraints.

Another approach: Try to use the previous code's structure but make a few changes. For example:

- Increase the number of initial guesses generated. For example, generating more different waveforms with varying parameters.

- Adjust the DE hyperparameters, like increasing the mutation rate or population size to explore more of the solution space.

- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP, allowing more iterations to converge to a better solution.

- Implement early stopping based on improvement in the C5 value.

- Use a different initial guess generation method for the random guesses.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies up to 10. Maybe increasing that to a higher frequency, like 20, could generate more varied guesses.

Also, the code uses gen_pulses with duty 0.5. Maybe varying the duty cycle more, or using other duty cycles.

Moreover, the previous code uses 'gen_random' to generate random guesses. However, that random generation might not be sufficient. Perhaps using a different method to generate random guesses that better satisfy the integral constraint.

Wait, the 'gen_random' function in the previous code is:

def gen_random():
    h = np.random.rand(n_points)
    h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
    return h

This creates a random vector h, normalizes it, and scales it to have a sum of target_sum. This is a valid approach.

But perhaps generating different types of random guesses, like using different distributions (e.g., uniform, beta, etc.), could lead to better initial points.

Another idea: Use a genetic algorithm to generate initial guesses, but scipy's optimize does not have a built-in GA. However, differential evolution is similar to GA in some ways, and perhaps the code's DE usage is sufficient.

Another possible change is to increase the number of initial guesses. For example, generating more pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Let me think about modifying the code to generate more initial guesses. For instance, the previous code generates pulses for frequencies 2-10. Maybe expanding the range of frequencies or varying the duty cycles more.

Moreover, the code generates sawtooth and triangle waves for specific frequencies. Increasing the number of frequencies and duty cycles could lead to more diverse guesses.

In addition, the code may benefit from using more diverse initial functions, such as combining multiple waveforms.

Another possible improvement: After generating initial guesses, use the DE method for more iterations or with a larger population size, then refine with SLSQP.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's better to prioritize the refinement steps over the DE steps, as SLSQP is faster for local refinement.

So, the plan for the code is:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying the parameters of the waveform functions (frequencies, duty cycles).

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the solution space more thoroughly.

- Refine the best guesses found with SLSQP for more iterations.

- Implement early stopping based on time and improvement.

By increasing the number of initial guesses and adjusting the DE parameters, it's possible to find a better solution.

Another thought: The code's previous best was 0.381142. To get closer to 0.380876, the code needs to find a slightly better solution. This could be achieved by improving the initial guesses and allowing more refinement.

So, implementing these changes into the code.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to modify it to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization steps.

For example, expanding the frequency range for the pulse and sawtooth functions, trying more duty cycles, and generating more random guesses.

Also, adjusting the DE parameters: increasing the population size, mutation rate, and number of generations.

In the previous code, the DE part uses popsize=100, maxiter=80, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8. Changing these to higher values could potentially explore the solution space better, but might take longer. However, the code has a check to break early if time is up.

So, the revised code could generate more initial guesses and use more optimized DE parameters.

Another improvement: The code currently uses the initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. Perhaps, in addition to the initial guess, generate more guesses based on the initial_h_values, like perturbations or variations.

But how to do that? For example, taking the initial_h_values and adding small random noise, then normalizing it. However, the code already has the 'gen_random' function, which generates random guesses.

Putting this together, the code would generate more diverse initial guesses, use DE with tighter parameters to find better guesses, and refine more thoroughly with SLSQP.

Now, considering the code's structure, I'll adjust the guesses section to generate more initial guesses, and adjust the DE parameters.

The final code would look similar to the previous one but with these modifications.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 21):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(5, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(5, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 40:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```