<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with various guess functions. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over all k is C₅. So I need to find h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

The previous code tried different initial guesses, like pulse, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The problem is that the previous approach may get stuck in local minima.

I need to think about different strategies. Maybe using more sophisticated optimization techniques, or better initial guesses. Alternatively, maybe using a different approach to construct h.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem. The function h(x) should be designed such that when it's shifted, the overlap with its complement is minimized. So perhaps h(x) should be arranged to avoid having large regions where both h and 1-h are significant. Maybe using a more uniform distribution of the 1s and 0s in h.

But since h is a step function, it's made up of intervals. So maybe the optimal h is something with regular spacing, like a periodic pattern? For example, maybe a pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted, the regions where h is 1 and 1-h is 1 don't overlap much.

Wait, the previous code tried pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying other waveforms or more complex patterns. Or maybe combining different patterns?

Another angle: the overlap integral for shift k is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k))dx. Since the integral over [0,2] is 1, maybe considering the convolution. The maximum of these convolutions is the value to minimize.

But perhaps changing the optimization strategy. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a genetic algorithm, or particle swarm optimization? But the code must stay under 100 seconds and use available libraries.

Alternatively, maybe using a convex optimization approach? However, the problem is non-convex because the objective is the maximum of several nonlinear functions. So convex methods might not be directly applicable.

Wait, perhaps the problem can be approximated by considering that the maximum overlap is minimized when the function h is as spread out as possible. For example, if h is a uniform distribution of 1s over the interval, but since the integral is 1, the length of the intervals where h is 1 would be 1. But since the domain is [0,2], maybe arranging the 1s in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to translate that into a function. Maybe using a periodic function with multiple intervals? For example, splitting the domain into several intervals where h is 1, and ensuring that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h is a sawtooth wave or a combination of pulses. The previous code tried some of these, but maybe trying more complex patterns or varying parameters.

Another idea: since the domain is [0,2], which is twice the length of the interval [0,1], maybe using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a more complex way. For example, a function that has multiple 1s and 0s in a periodic manner, but with varying lengths.

Wait, the initial_h_values provided by the user is likely a specific starting point. Maybe the code should start from there and try to refine it. However, the previous code used that as one of the initial guesses. But perhaps there's a better way to adjust it.

But the user says that the initial_h_values can be accessed as a global variable. The current code uses it as a starting point. Maybe I can use that as the initial guess and then perform more sophisticated optimizations.

Another approach: instead of using random guesses, maybe use a gradient-based optimization with better hyperparameters. However, the previous code already uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method such as Bayesian optimization, but that might be more complex and time-consuming.

Wait, the problem mentions using scipy's optimization methods. So perhaps tuning the parameters of SLSQP and differential evolution could help. For example, increasing the population size in DE or adjusting the mutation rates.

But the code already uses differential evolution with a popsize of 120, which might be computationally heavy. Since the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe reducing the number of iterations could be better.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of local search and global search. For example, starting with a few initial guesses, then refining them with SLSQP.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, maybe we can model this as a minimax problem. However, with the current tools, it's challenging. The previous code takes the maximum, and minimizes that.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. If that's a good starting point, then starting from there might be better. However, the code could also try other patterns.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different kind of initial guess. For example, some periodic function with specific parameters.

Let me think about the structure of the function. Since the integral is 1 over [0,2], and the function is a step function, maybe the optimal h is a function that has a certain number of intervals where it's 1, and the rest 0. For example, if h has m intervals of length l where it's 1, then m*l = 1. So l = 1/m. But how to arrange those intervals to minimize the overlap?

If the intervals are spaced out, then shifting by certain amounts would cause overlaps. For example, if there are two intervals, each of length 0.5, spaced apart by 0.5, then shifting by 0.5 would cause the overlapping of the two intervals.

But maybe this is similar to a covering problem where you want to minimize the maximum overlap when the function is shifted. So arranging the intervals in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

Perhaps a more optimal arrangement is a periodic pattern. For example, a function that has a certain period, say T, such that the spacing between intervals is optimized.

Alternatively, considering that the domain is [0,2], maybe using a greedy approach to place the intervals so that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. But this is more of a heuristic.

But for optimization, it's better to use some numerical approach.

Back to the code. The previous code uses several initial guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangles. Maybe trying more variations, or different frequencies. Also, the code uses a fixed number of guesses. What if generating more diverse initial guesses?

Another thought: the differential evolution method is used after some initial guesses, but perhaps not enough. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, combining different methods. For example, using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with local search.

Another possible approach is to use a genetic algorithm. However, scipy does not have a built-in genetic algorithm. But maybe using the DE method, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

But in the current code, the DE is used with some parameters. Maybe adjusting those parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, trying different parameter settings for the optimization. For example, in SLSQP, increasing the maxiter, or changing the tolerance.

Wait, the code currently uses SLSQP with options {'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12}. The default ftol is 1e-8, but setting it to 1e-12 might be too strict. Maybe lowering the tolerance could allow for faster convergence.

Also, the code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, so focusing on refining that could be better.

Another idea: considering that the function h is a step function, maybe using a grid search over possible configurations of intervals, but that's computationally expensive.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be rewritten. Let me think. For each shift k, the integral is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k))dx. Since h is a step function, this integral depends on how the intervals of h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) overlap. So for each k, the integral is equal to the sum over all intervals of h(x) where h(x) is 1, multiplied by the length of the intersection between that interval and the region where h(x + k) is 0.

So the problem is equivalent to designing the intervals of h such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1 - h(k) is minimized.

This seems like a covering problem. If we can find a set of intervals (positions and lengths) for h such that when shifted by any k, the overlapping area with the complement is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe considering that the optimal h is a function that avoids having too much overlap with its shifted versions.

Another thing: the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. The maximum of these correlations is the C5 value. But maybe there are more efficient ways to compute this, but the code seems okay.

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following steps:

1. Improve the initial guesses. Maybe generate more diverse initial guesses, such as waveforms with different frequencies, or patterns that are more spread out.

2. Use better optimization parameters for SLSQP and DE, such as adjusting the number of iterations, tolerances, or population sizes.

3. Refine the final solution with more iterations of local search.

4. Try different optimization methods, like using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or other local optimizers.

Alternatively, trying to use a more structured approach. For example, assuming that the optimal h is composed of a certain number of intervals, and then optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals.

But how to translate this into code? For a small number of intervals, say 3 or 4, this may be feasible. For example, suppose we have m intervals. Each interval has a start and end point. The total length is 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals is 1. The problem is to choose the positions of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But with m intervals, this becomes a high-dimensional optimization problem, which might be computationally expensive. However, for small m, say m=3, it might be manageable.

But integrating this into the code requires a more complex setup. Perhaps the code can try different values of m, but given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

An alternative approach could be to use a more efficient optimization algorithm, like the basin-hopping method, which is designed to escape local minima. Scipy has a basin_hopping optimizer. Maybe this could find better solutions.

But I'm not sure if the previous code uses it. Let me check: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, so maybe adding basin_hopping could help.

But considering time constraints, maybe not. Also, the current code already uses DE and SLSQP. Maybe trying to optimize the parameters of these methods.

In the current code, the DE is run with maxiter=70 and popsize=120. Maybe reducing the popsize to save time. Or increasing the number of iterations if possible. Also, the mutation and recombination parameters may need tuning.

Another thing: the code uses np.random.seed(seed), but if the initial guess is the initial_h_values, which may be fixed, perhaps changing the seed may not help, but the code as written uses that.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with various frequency and duty cycle for pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe the code could add more such guesses, or vary more parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a different waveform, like a square wave or a combination of square waves.

Wait, the initial code's initial_h_values is given. If we can start from that and perform a more thorough optimization, maybe the code can find a better solution.

So, in the code, the initial guess is used, and then other guesses are generated. Maybe the code could spend more time refining the initial guess rather than trying random guesses.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses and refining them with SLSQP, then DE is applied, and then further refinement. Perhaps there's an opportunity to adjust the number of DE iterations or the parameters.

Alternatively, trying to use more sophisticated optimization methods for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population size, but within the time budget.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, perhaps the function is smooth enough that the maximum is attained at certain shifts. Maybe focusing on those shifts could help, but this requires knowing where they are.

Alternatively, the code could try to use a multi-start approach, where multiple initial guesses are taken and the best is kept.

But the previous code already does this.

Another possible improvement is to use a better way to compute the initial guesses. For example, instead of using fixed frequencies, maybe use a grid of frequencies and duty cycles for the waveforms, and choose the best ones.

But how to generate that? It would require more code, but maybe it's manageable.

In any case, the current code needs to be modified to find a better solution. Let me think about possible changes.

First, in the initial code, the DE is used with popsize=120 and maxiter=70. Since each iteration of DE takes time, maybe reducing the popsize or the maxiter would save time and allow more iterations later.

Also, the DE in the code is run 5 times. Maybe reducing that to 3 or 4.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed number of guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse guesses could help. For example, using more random guesses or other waveform types.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the first guess and then generating variations around it.

Another possible change: instead of using the same parameters for all optimization steps, adjust them based on the current state. For example, use a more aggressive search in the early steps and then refine.

But this is getting complicated.

Another idea: since the previous code returns the best solution after all iterations, perhaps adding a step where, after some time, it checks if the current best solution is already good enough and stops early.

But the code already has a check for time, breaking the loop if the budget is exhausted.

Another thing to consider is the choice of the optimization method. Maybe using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances but more iterations.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses and DE, the function performs 10 refinements with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing that number could help.

Alternatively, using a different method for refinement, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex.

Another thought: the problem is non-convex, so the choice of initial guess is crucial. If the initial guess is good, the optimization could find a better solution. So perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

But how to generate them? For example, generating a variety of pulse, square, sawtooth, triangle, etc., with varying parameters.

In the code, the initial guesses include some pulses, sawtooths, and triangles. Maybe adding more variations, like different waveforms or more parameters.

Another possible improvement: instead of generating guesses with fixed frequencies, use a range of frequencies. For example, for pulses, generate guesses with frequencies from 2 to 5, rather than fixed values.

But this would require more code and might take longer. However, within the time budget, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of the initial_h_values and a few other waveforms.

Another thing: the current code uses the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses. If that's a good starting point, perhaps performing more refinement steps on it could yield better results.

In the code, after the initial guesses, the DE is run for 5 times. Maybe increasing the number of DE runs to 10, but this depends on time.

In terms of code structure, the current code has a few functions defined, like gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, gen_random. Maybe adding more functions for other waveforms or more parameters.

But given the character constraint, perhaps this is not feasible. So perhaps the code could be modified to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main initial guess, and refine it more thoroughly.

- Reduce the number of other initial guesses, focusing on the main ones.

- Adjust the optimization parameters to get better convergence.

Let me think about the current code. It tries various initial guesses, then runs DE, then SLSQP refinements. The refined solution is the best found.

So, perhaps focusing on optimizing the initial_h_values with more iterations of SLSQP and DE, and using a better initial guess from the initial_h_values.

Another possible change is to use a different objective function. For example, using a penalty method that combines the maximum overlap with the constraint, but the current code already uses a constraint.

Alternatively, using a different approach to compute the correlation. For example, precomputing all the shifts and then taking the maximum. But the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another thing to consider is that the np.correlate might not be accurate for the full mode, but I think it's correct. The full mode returns the full cross-correlation, which for two arrays of length n_points would result in a correlation of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of these is the maximum overlap.

In the code, the h is of length n_points, and the correlation is computed between h and (1 - h), which is also of length n_points. The full mode results in a length of 2n_points - 1. The maximum is taken over that, then multiplied by dx.

Another idea: since the domain is [0,2], when shifting by k, which can be up to 2. So the maximum shift is 2. Thus, the correlation for shifts up to 2 is considered.

So, perhaps the code is correct in its calculation.

In terms of improving the current code, I think the following changes could help:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the primary guess and refine it more thoroughly. Perhaps using more iterations of SLSQP and DE.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better convergence.

3. Use a different initial guess generator, perhaps with more diverse waveforms.

4. Reduce the number of initial guesses and focus on the most promising ones.

5. Increase the number of refinement steps after the initial optimization.

Given the character limit, I need to make sure the code is concise. The original code has a lot of function definitions, so perhaps simplifying that.

An alternative approach: start with the initial_h_values, and then perform a series of local optimizations, perhaps with SLSQP, and trying to find better solutions.

But I also need to consider the time budget. Let me think about the steps:

- Use initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Perform SLSQP optimization with some parameters.

- Then perform DE optimization to find a better solution.

- Then perform more SLSQP refinements.

The previous code does this. So perhaps adjusting the parameters for DE, such as increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

Another thing: in the code, the DE is run with mutation parameter (0.5, 0.9), recombination 0.8. Maybe changing these to better values, like mutation (0.8, 1.0) to allow for larger steps.

Alternatively, testing different parameters.

But without testing, it's hard to say. However, the previous code's best C5 was 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement in the code's parameters could push it lower.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe adding more guesses, like using a combination of different waveforms and frequencies, but in a more systematic way.

But given the code constraints, it's challenging.

Another possible improvement: use a finer grid of initial guesses, but this would require more code and may not be feasible.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I'll focus on:

- Using the initial_h_values as the primary initial guess, and performing more thorough optimization.

- Adjusting the parameters for DE and SLSQP to allow better convergence.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps after the DE.

- Possibly adding more initial guesses, but keeping the code concise.

So, modifying the code accordingly, perhaps by:

- Reducing the number of initial guesses to focus on the initial_h_values and a few others.

- Increasing the number of DE iterations.

- Using more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Testing these changes could lead to a better solution.

Another thing: in the previous code, the 'gen_random' function generates a random h with the required sum. However, this could lead to bad initial guesses. Maybe using a better random initialization, like a previous solution or a more structured random.

But without knowing, perhaps it's better to keep it as is.

Thus, the plan is to modify the code to focus more on refining the initial_h_values, using better parameters for DE and SLSQP, and perhaps removing some of the initial guess functions to save time.

So, let's structure the code as follows:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the main guess.

- Generate a few additional guesses (maybe some pulses and sawtooths).

- Run SLSQP with the initial_h_values and other guesses.

- Run DE to find a better solution.

- Refine the solution with multiple SLSQP runs.

This approach would focus on the initial guess and optimize it more thoroughly.

Additionally, adjusting the DE parameters to have a larger population size or more iterations could help.

So, the final code will be a modified version of the previous one, but with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 7):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.0), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(12):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```