<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to try to get lower than that. Let me think about how to approach this.

From the previous code, they used a combination of different initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random samples. Then they applied SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way. Let me consider what could be different.

First, the initial solution uses 45 points. Maybe using more points could help, but the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred because they're faster. So perhaps keeping n_points around 45 is better.

The key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. To minimize this, the function h should be designed so that whenever it's 1, the shifted version is 0, and vice versa. But since it's a step function, maybe alternating regions of high and low values.

But the current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which are local optimization methods. Maybe trying a different optimization strategy, like genetic algorithms, or using gradient-based methods with better starting points. Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach for constructing h.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that's aperiodic and avoids overlaps. Perhaps using a more regular pattern, like a sequence of blocks with certain widths. For example, if I divide [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 or 0 alternately. But since h is a step function, maybe there's a way to tile the interval with specific patterns.

Wait, the previous code tried pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe trying different frequency components or combining them? Also, the constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, which is the same as saying the average value is 0.5. So the function h(x) must be such that half of its area is 1 and half is 0.

An alternative approach could be to model this as an optimization problem where we discretize h into steps, and then set up constraints to minimize the maximum overlap. But solving this directly might be computationally intensive. Maybe using a more efficient optimization framework, like convex relaxation, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: since the overlap is computed as the maximum over k of the correlation between h and 1-h, perhaps we can model this as a Chebyshev approximation problem. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm: iteratively adjusting the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, finding the k that gives the highest overlap, then modifying h to decrease that particular integral. But how to implement this efficiently?

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe combining it with other strategies, like simulated annealing or random restarts. Also, the initial guesses could be better. The previous code used a variety of generated functions, but perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe trying different n_points could yield better results. But the user prefers smaller sequences. So maybe stick to around 45-100 points.

Let me think about the structure of the optimal h. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, the h function should be designed such that when it's high, the shifted versions are low as much as possible. This is similar to designing a function that is as "non-overlapping" as possible when shifted.

One possible approach is to model h as a periodic function with certain symmetries. For example, using a function that has a certain number of pulses at different intervals. But how to ensure that the integral is 1?

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (0 or 1) but with some smoothness. However, since it's a step function, maybe using a binary solution is not optimal. Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function in [0,1], so maybe there's a way to have h take on more than two values, but that complicates things.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral over k is related to the autocorrelation of the function. So, minimizing the maximum of the autocorrelation. But since the function is normalized, the autocorrelation is being minimized. This is similar to some problems in signal processing where you want a signal with low autocorrelation, but with an integral constraint.

In such cases, the optimal signal is often a binary sequence with certain properties, like a Barker code. But Barker codes are for specific lengths. However, the Erdős problem is about the worst-case shift, so maybe there's a similar concept here.

But since the problem allows for a continuous function, perhaps a better approach is to design a function that alternates between high and low regions with specific patterns. For example, using a sequence of blocks where the function is 1 for a certain length, then 0 for another length, and so on. The key would be to balance the durations of these blocks to minimize the overlap.

For instance, if the function has a period of T, then the overlap with a shift of T would be zero. But since we're dealing with shifts of any k, that's not directly helpful. However, if the function is periodic with a certain period, it might have lower overlaps for certain shifts.

But how to model this in code? Maybe generating a function with a certain number of pulses and adjusting their positions and widths to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the current best is around 0.38, which is close to 0.38085, maybe there's a known construction that achieves this. However, the problem states that the current record is 0.38085, so the goal is to find a better one. Perhaps there's a way to model the problem with a more efficient optimization algorithm.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like using a genetic algorithm (GA) with better parameters. GA could explore the search space more effectively, especially in high-dimensional problems. But implementing GA in Python with scipy might be challenging.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to guide the search. However, setting that up would require a different approach.

Let me think about the structure of the code. The initial code uses several generated functions as starting points, then refines them with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying more varied initial guesses, such as using different waveforms or random patterns, could lead to better solutions.

Another improvement: the code uses a fixed number of steps (45) and the initial_h_values. Perhaps generating different initial guesses with varying parameters, like different frequencies or duty cycles, could help. For example, trying functions that are more spread out, or have more complex patterns.

Also, during the optimization, the code uses multiple refinements with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different optimization parameters (like tighter tolerances) could lead to better convergence.

Another possible adjustment is to adjust the way the constraints are handled. For example, ensuring that the constraints (sum h = target_sum) are tightly enforced during the optimization.

Wait, in the code, the constraints are correctly handled with the 'cons' function. But the optimization might suffer from numerical issues. Maybe using a more robust solver, like SLSQP with a better tolerance. However, the available solvers include various options, but the code uses SLSQP from scipy.optimize.

Another idea is to try using different optimization methods, like the COBYLA method, which is more robust to constraints. But I'm not sure if that's better in this context.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement could be more effective. The previous code does this, but perhaps tuning the parameters of differential evolution could help. For example, increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run 5 times. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or increasing the number of runs could lead to better results, but that would take more time. The code has a time budget of 100s, so it's important to balance between number of iterations and the time taken.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation function and vectorize the objective function. However, the code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Let me think about possible variations in the initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooths, triangles, and random functions. Maybe adding more types of functions, like square waves, or more complex waveforms, could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps considering Fourier transforms. The integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) over x is the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So, the maximum of this cross-correlation is being minimized. The cross-correlation can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. However, I'm not sure how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem.

But perhaps using the fact that maximizing the cross-correlation is related to the inner product of certain functions, and trying to minimize that maximum. But this might not lead directly to a manageable optimization.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a particular k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we think of k as a shift, then for the function to be as non-overlapping as possible, h should avoid being 1 when h is 1 shifted by k. This suggests that h should have regions where it is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap.

For example, if h is a sequence of blocks where the 1 regions are spaced out such that shifting them by k would not overlap. But with k being any real number, this is challenging. However, for the worst-case k, maybe there's a way to balance the positions.

But given that h is a step function with n_points samples, we can model the problem as choosing which intervals to set to 1 or 0, ensuring the total area is 1, and minimizing the maximum cross-correlation.

This sounds like an integer programming problem, but with continuous variables. However, the number of variables is n_points, which is manageable for small n_points.

But solving such a problem with integer variables would be computationally intensive. However, since the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, maybe using a more continuous approach is better.

Alternatively, for the discrete case, perhaps the optimal solution is a binary function (h(x) is 0 or 1), but then the integral constraint would require that exactly half of the points are 1. However, the previous code uses a continuous function, so maybe there's room for improvement by using more finely grained steps.

But given that the user wants to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps a binary function is better. However, the current best is a continuous function, so maybe there's a way to combine borrowing from both.

Another thought: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with 70 max iterations and a population of 120. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of differential evolution could help find better solutions.

Wait, the previous code's differential evolution runs 5 times. Each time, it generates a random guess and then refines it. Maybe running more differential evolution iterations would help, but that would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so it's important to find a balance.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and perform a local search from there. The previous code does this, but maybe combining with multiple starting points could help avoid local minima.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code starts with initial_h_values, then generates several other candidates using different waveforms, then applies SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them. The best solution is returned.

To improve this, maybe adding more varied initial guess functions. For example, adding functions with different characteristics like more complex waveforms, or functions with varying duty cycles, or functions that are more spread out.

Additionally, maybe using a different method for generating initial guesses. For example, using a random walk approach where each h value is adjusted to reduce the overlap.

Alternatively, trying to use a grid search over the parameters of the initial guesses, but this could be too slow.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is fast, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation even more.

Also, during the refinement steps, the code uses SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using tighter tolerances could lead to better convergence.

Another idea: modifying the objective function to penalize higher values of the overlap. For example, using a combination of the maximum overlap and the sum of overlaps, but this might complicate things.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. To make this easier for optimization, the code could use a wrapper that computes this maximum.

Wait, the code already does that. The function 'obj' is defined to return the maximum of the correlation multiplied by dx.

Another possible improvement is to use multiple constraints in the optimization. For example, besides the integral constraint, maybe adding constraints to limit the maximum value of the overlap, but that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a penalty method in the optimization, where the objective function includes a penalty for high overlap values. But this is essentially what the code is doing by minimizing the maximum overlap.

Hmm. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to tweak the existing code. Let's think about the following:

1. Try using more varied initial guesses. For example, including more types of functions like square waves, or functions with different phase shifts.

2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters, such as increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

3. Use a different optimization method during refinement steps, like COBYLA or SLSQP with different options.

4. Increase the number of refinements or the number of initial guesses.

But the code already does some of these. Let me think of specific changes.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more complex waveforms, like a combination of pulses and triangles, or other waveforms.

Alternatively, using random initial guesses with different distributions. For example, instead of just random points, generating functions where the h values are more spread out.

Another possible change: during the differential evolution steps, the code runs it 5 times. Maybe increasing that number, but that would take more time. Alternatively, running it once and doing more iterations.

Another thought: the code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. If the initial_h_values is not good, maybe it's better to start from other points. However, the problem states that the code should use the initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that. But perhaps generating better initial points from the initial_h_values.

Wait, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point. The previous code uses it as one of the guesses. So maybe the initial_h_values is already a decent candidate. But to explore more, maybe the code should try modifying the initial_h_values in different ways.

Alternatively, considering that the current code's best result is 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current record, maybe there's a way to tweak the optimization parameters to get a better result.

Another idea: the code uses the SLSQP method for refinement. Maybe adjusting the tolerance settings (ftol) or the maximum number of iterations in SLSQP could help. For example, using a lower ftol or higher maxiter.

Also, the differential evolution parameters: mutation range, recombination rate, and tolerance. Maybe adjusting these to find a better solution.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses mutation parameters (0.5, 0.9), recombination 0.8. Maybe experimenting with different mutation ranges or recombination rates.

Additionally, during the initial guess generation, the code uses functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc., with frequencies up to 10. Maybe trying higher frequencies could lead to better results.

Another possible approach is to combine different function types. For instance, starting with a pulse wave and then adding sawtooth components to avoid overlap.

Let me think about the code's structure. The main steps are:

1. Use initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate additional guesses with different parameters.

3. Optimize each guess with SLSQP.

4. Run differential evolution with some initial guesses.

5. Refine the best solution with SLSQP.

Perhaps the code can be improved by:

- Increasing the number of different initial guesses (like more waveforms, different frequencies, more duty cycles).

- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to find better solutions.

- Using more iterations in the differential evolution or SLSQP steps.

But given the time constraints, I need to find a way to make these changes within the budget.

Another idea: since the code uses a fixed n_points (45), maybe trying to run the code with a different n_points, such as 40 or 50, and see if it leads to better results. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is better.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values has 45 points. Let me check what that looks like. If the initial guess is a good starting point, then maybe focusing on refining it further with a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, trying to generate a better initial guess.

Let me think of modifying the code to:

1. Use more varied initial guesses, including more types of functions.

2. Use differential evolution with more parameters tuned.

3. Use a different refinement strategy, like multiple SLSQP steps.

But how to code this within the constraints.

Perhaps the current code's approach is already reasonable, but to tweak the parameters and add more initial guesses.

Another possible change: in the initial guesses, the code generates pulse waves for frequencies 3-10. Maybe adding more frequencies, like up to 15 or 20, but this would take more time. Alternatively, including more duty cycles for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

Also, the de_guess function runs 5 times, each with a differential evolution. Maybe increasing this to 10 or 15 iterations.

Another idea: when refining the solution, after the initial steps, perform more iterations of SLSQP with tighter tolerances to find the best possible solution.

Additionally, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, vectorizing the computation or using NumPy's optimized functions.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. So that's probably fine.

In terms of the code structure, perhaps the main changes would be:

- Adding more initial guesses with different parameters.

- Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP methods.

- Increasing the number of refinement steps.

Given the time constraint, the code should be modified to try these things.

Now, thinking about how to implement these changes in the code.

For example, in the guesses section, the code generates pulses, sawtooth, triangle with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more frequencies or duty cycles.

Alternatively, generating random functions with specific characteristics, like ensuring they are spread out.

Another thought: the previous code uses a small range of frequencies (3-10). Maybe trying a wider range or more varied frequencies.

Also, for the signals generated by gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, maybe varying the parameters more. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

Another possible change: instead of generating random functions each time, use a more structured approach. For example, generating functions that are combinations of different waveforms.

But without knowing the exact structure, this is challenging.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values may be a good starting point, focus on refining it further. For example, using multiple refinement steps with different parameters.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would involve:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses with varied parameters.
2. Tuning the parameters of the optimization methods (differential evolution and SLSQP).
3. Performing more refinement steps to improve the solution.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code, making sure it stays within the 100-second budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = 1e10
    start_time = time.time()

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 20):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s * 0.6:
            break

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```