<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of different guess methods and optimization techniques, but the goal is to find something better. The current best is 0.38085, and we need to aim lower.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The function h(x) is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum, which would give us a better upper bound for the Erdős constant.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values (n=45), then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The user wants a different approach, perhaps more efficient or better in finding the optimal h.

Hmm. The initial approach uses several guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. Also, the code uses a combination of optimization methods, but maybe a different strategy could work better.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a more structured approach to construct h(x). For example, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain properties that minimize overlaps. Since the integral is 1, the function must have an average of 0.5 over [0,2].

Another approach could be to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe combining them in a smarter way. Also, the initial guesses might not be optimal. Perhaps generating more diverse initial points could help avoid local minima.

Wait, the problem mentions that the current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a construction that gets even lower. Maybe the initial solution is close to the optimal, but a better optimization strategy could push it further.

What about using a different optimization method? For example, using gradient-based methods with more iterations or better convergence. Or using a hybrid approach that combines different methods.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). This resembles a convolution. Maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints on the shifts.

Alternatively, since h is a step function, perhaps we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. But that might complicate things. However, with the given discretization, we can think of h as a vector of values between 0 and 1.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) for the initial construction. The user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points could be better? However, the initial_h_values is 45 points. But the code can use different n_points. However, the given code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying a larger n_points could give better results, but that would take more time. The time budget is 100 seconds, so need to be efficient.

Alternatively, maybe the current code can be optimized by using a better initial guess. For example, perhaps generating the initial guess with a more optimal structure. For example, using a piecewise function that has a regular pattern to minimize overlaps.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to certain problems in signal processing or coding theory where you want to minimize the correlation between a signal and its shifts.

In such problems, the optimal function often has a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, using a function that is constant over certain intervals. However, since the integral is fixed, that might not be straightforward.

Let's think about the previous code's approach. They generate various pulse and sawtooth waves as initial guesses. Maybe we can generate more structured initial guesses, such as using a combination of intervals with different lengths, or a more optimal placement of the ones and zeros.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach with a more efficient implementation. But considering the time constraints, a genetic algorithm might be too slow.

Another angle: the code's current method of generating random initial guesses may not be optimal. Maybe focusing on certain structures that are known to be good for this problem. For example, a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a piecewise function with a certain number of intervals, where each interval is chosen to balance the overlaps. But how to model that?

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum integral over all shifts k. So for each shift k, we want the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx to be as small as possible. The maximum of these values is C5.

To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h should be such that for any shift k, the overlap is small. One strategy is to have h(x) be 1 in regions that are spaced out enough so that their shifted copies don't overlap much.

But with the integral constraint, this is a balance. Maybe the optimal function is similar to a periodic function with certain spacing.

Wait, perhaps using a function that is made of a set of non-overlapping intervals, but due to the integral constraint, it's not possible to have them all non-overlapping. However, the function could be designed to have peaks separated by certain distances.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is over [0,2], which is a length of 2. If the function h is 1 for certain intervals, then shifting it by a certain amount k would cause overlap. The goal is to arrange these intervals such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate this into a mathematical model?

Another idea: since the problem involves convolution, maybe using a Fourier analysis approach. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is related to the convolution of h and (1-h) evaluated at k. So, to minimize the maximum of this convolution, perhaps we can use properties from Fourier analysis.

But Fourier methods might be computationally intensive, and it's unclear how to apply them here directly.

Alternatively, maybe using a Lagrangian multiplier approach to minimize the maximum integral. But since the maximum is over all k, this is a min-max problem which is challenging.

Let me think about the optimization process. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters could improve results. However, the problem says that the code needs to run within 100 seconds, so there's a time constraint.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the optimal h. However, implementing this would require significant code and might not be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. The current code uses the initial_h_values (n=45) and then adds other guesses. Perhaps replacing some of these guesses with more targeted ones.

Wait, the user provided the initial_h_values as a starting point. If we can use that as the base, but modify it more effectively. Maybe using a more structured optimization that starts from this base and then fine-tunes it.

Another thought: the previous code uses multiple guess functions, but perhaps the problem could benefit from a more systematic exploration of possible structures. For example, trying to generate functions with different periodicities, or different numbers of pulses.

Alternatively, using a combination of PSO (Particle Swarm Optimization) and other methods. But again, time is a constraint.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the approach should focus on refining the existing code. For instance, using more iterations of the optimization, or using a better initial guess.

Wait, the initial code uses SLSQP with a few iterations and then DE, followed by refinement. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after finding a good solution with DE, then using SLSQP with more precise tuning to refine it.

Another possible improvement: since the overlap integral for different shifts is being maximized, maybe we can modify the optimization to focus on the worst-case shifts. For example, not just minimizing the maximum, but handling the most problematic shifts first.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach, where different shifts are considered as objectives, but this could complicate the problem.

Let me also think about the current best value. The previous code achieved 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. To get lower, perhaps the code could be adjusted to find a better solution.

Another idea: the initial code's guesses may not be optimal. For example, generating more initial points with different structures could help. Maybe instead of generating various waveforms, generate a set of functions that are more likely to be optimal.

For instance, creating a function that consists of a series of pulses spaced regularly, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. This could be a better initial guess.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length 1/3, spaced evenly, but adjusted to satisfy the integral.

But how to model this? Let's think: if the total integral is 1, then if the function is 1 for intervals of length L, the number of intervals would be 2 / L (since the total length is 2). But the integral would be the sum of the lengths. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So if the function is 1 in m intervals, each of length l, then m*l = 1. But the spacing between intervals would affect the overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has a certain number of segments, each with a specific length and spacing, such that overlapping is minimized. This could be a more structured starting point than random guesses.

So, the plan could be:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate several structured initial guesses based on specific patterns (like regular pulses, etc.).
3. Use a combination of optimization methods (like SLSQP and differential evolution) to explore the space.
4. Refine the best solution found with more iterations.
5. Try different parameters for the optimization to see if they yield better results.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The current code uses n=45 points, but maybe a larger n_points could allow for more precise optimization. However, increasing n_points would require more computational resources, which could be a problem within the 100s budget.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred. The initial code uses n=45, which is small, so maybe keeping that is better for speed.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation, but again, implementation could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, consider using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, instead of using SLSQP for every guess, perhaps use a more efficient method for the initial steps.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, they apply SLSQP to refine them. Maybe during the refinement phase, using a more aggressive optimization could help.

But time is limited. Let me think about possible changes to the existing code that could improve the result.

First, in the current code, the initial_h_values are used, but maybe other initial guesses could be better. For example, generating a more optimal initial guess that is structured.

For example, creating a function that is 1 over certain intervals with optimal spacing. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and set h(x)=1 in some of these parts. The number of intervals where h is 1 would need to satisfy the integral constraint (total area = 1).

But since the function is discretized, we can't have exact divisions. However, creating such a structured guess might help the optimization to find a better solution.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of several periodic functions. For example, a sinusoidal function that is modulated to meet the integral condition.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of a sawtooth and a triangle wave.

But generating these functions algorithmically could be done with NumPy.

Another thought: the code uses DE, which is a global optimization method. Maybe tweaking the hyperparameters of DE (like popsize, mutation, recombination) could improve convergence.

In the previous code, DE uses popsize=100, maxiter=80, etc. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help. For example, increasing the mutation range or decreasing the maxiter to save time, but that might not help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, using a Bayesian optimization library, but the user is limited to scipy, numpy, and certain solvers.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential_evolution. Maybe using the SLSQP method with more iterations or better settings.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed number of guesses, generate more diverse initial guesses that are tailored for the problem. For example, varying the number of pulses or their positions.

But to implement this, we need to generate those guesses. For example, creating functions that are 1 in different numbers of intervals.

Alternatively, using a more systematic way to generate the initial guesses, like varying the parameters of the existing guess functions.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with different frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more variations here could help.

Another possible improvement: during the refinement phase, increase the number of iterations or use a different method to fine-tune the solution.

Also, the code uses a nested loop with multiple refinements. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the tolerance could help.

Now, considering the code structure, the main steps are:

1. Initialize with initial_h_values.
2. Generate various guess functions.
3. Optimize each guess with SLSQP.
4. Use DE to find a better solution.
5. Refine the best solution found.

Perhaps the problem in the previous code is that the initial guesses are not optimal, or the optimization process isn't sufficiently exploring the parameter space.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precomputing the shifted values and calculating the max directly. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (45). But what if varying n_points could lead to better results? For example, trying different n_points (like 60) might give more flexibility. But this would require reinitializing and may be time-consuming.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing n_points.

Let me think about the current code's evaluation step. It uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns the convolution of h and (1-h). For each shift k, the overlap is computed as the integral. The maximum of these is C5. However, for the discretized h, the correlation is computed over the samples, and the dx is multiplied to get the integral.

The code's current method of evaluating C5 is correct, so that's not an issue.

Another possible optimization: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the overlap, perhaps we can use a more focused optimization. For example, during the optimization process, prioritize reducing the maximum overlap by focusing on the most significant shifts. However, doing this requires knowing which shifts are causing the maximum overlap, which could be handled by the optimizer.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach where the optimizer tries to reduce the maximum overlap, but this could complicate the problem.

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP for each guess and then DE. Maybe combining these steps differently. For example, using DE with a larger population and more iterations to find a better guess, then using SLSQP for refinement.

Another possible change is to use a more efficient initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps generating a different initial guess based on the same structure could yield better results.

Alternatively, the code uses a fixed initial guess and adds other guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on the initial_h_values but with variations.

Another possible improvement: using a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values and perturbing it slightly, or using a more systematic approach to vary the parameters of the guess functions.

In the previous code, the guess functions include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more variation, like different duty cycles or frequencies, could help.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as the base and then modifying it by adjusting certain parameters to create different guesses.

Given the time, the main changes I can think of are:

- Improve the initial guesses by generating more structured and varied functions.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (like increasing the number of iterations or changing the convergence tolerance).
- Refine the optimization steps further to find better solutions.

Now, putting this into code changes. For example, in the guess generation, instead of using a fixed set of frequencies and duty cycles, perhaps generate more guesses by varying these parameters more.

Also, in the DE part, perhaps using a higher mutation range or different parameters.

But how to implement these changes?

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional guesses by creating structured functions like regular pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different parameters.
3. Optimize each guess using SLSQP with more iterations.
4. Use DE to explore a larger part of the space.
5. Refine the best solution further with SLSQP.

In the code, the guesses are generated with frequencies 2-10, various duty cycles. Maybe adding more frequencies or different patterns.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, generate a set of structured guesses. For example, functions that are made up of a specific number of segments with certain properties.

But I'm not sure how to incorporate this into the existing code.

Alternatively, perhaps focus on using the initial_h_values as the main guess and refine it more effectively.

Another possible change: in the DE step, reduce the number of iterations to save time and focus on more effective steps.

But this could lead to suboptimal results.

Alternatively, increase the number of DE runs, but within the budget.

Given all this, perhaps the main change is to enhance the guess generation, making it more diverse and targeted.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a pattern search or other derivative-free methods.

But with the time constraints, sticking to the existing methods but fine-tuning their parameters.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed (0.5, 0.95) mutation range for DE. Maybe adjusting this range could help. For example, using a wider mutation range initially and narrower later.

But this would require more complex code.

In the end, the code needs to be concise, and the previous one is already quite extensive. So, the main changes would be in the guess generation and the optimization parameters.

Let me think about how to modify the code to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, in the current code, the guesses include pulses with different frequencies and sawtooth/triangle with different duties. Perhaps adding more frequency ranges or more duty cycles.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and generating variations of it by adding noise or perturbing certain points.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess structure, like a more regular spacing between 1's and 0's.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the guess generation by adding more functions and refining the optimization steps.

Let me try to sketch the code modifications. For instance, in the guess generation, instead of generating for frequencies 2-10, generate a larger range, or add more types of functions.

But the previous code already uses a variety of functions. Maybe adding some more.

Another possible change: in the refinement phase, using more iterations of SLSQP to fine-tune the solution.

Also, perhaps the initial code's SLSQP has a high ftol, which could be adjusted to allow for more precise convergence.

In code, the SLSQP parameters are set with ftol=1e-9. Maybe reducing this to a larger value (like 1e-8) to allow for faster convergence without losing too much precision.

Alternatively, combining SLSQP with a more efficient optimization method.

But given time, perhaps the main change is to tweak the parameters and generate more effective initial guesses.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps during the optimization, we can prioritize certain shifts. However, this would complicate the objective function.

Alternatively, the current code uses the obj function which returns the maximum of the correlation, which is correct.

In summary, the plan is to enhance the initial guess generation, optimize the parameters of the optimization methods, and ensure more thorough exploration of the solution space.

Now, translating this into code changes. For example, in the guess generation, adding more variations, or in the DE parameters, adjusting mutation and recombination.

Another possible adjustment is to increase the number of iteration for the DE and refine steps.

But the user wants a concise code. So, the final answer will likely modify the previous code's guess generation, maybe with more varied functions, and adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 45
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.35))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.4, 0.5, 0.55, 0.65]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.33, 0.4, 0.5, 0.55, 0.65]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 40:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```