<think>
Okay, so I need to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. Let me think about how to improve this approach.

First, I should consider the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0, 2] with integral 1, and I need to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The key is to find a function h that spreads out the "mass" such that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized.

The previous approach used a variety of initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, and then optimized them with SLSQP and DE. But maybe there's a smarter way. Perhaps I can use a different initial construction that's more promising. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points = 45), but maybe trying different n_points could help. However, the user prefers smaller sequences under 1k samples. But 45 is already small.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is a 45-point array. Maybe I can use that as a starting point but modify it. Alternatively, maybe a different initial configuration would be better. For example, instead of starting with the initial guess, perhaps a more optimized initial guess based on known patterns.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h. So, maybe using a design that has some periodic structure, but with lower correlation. For instance, a function that alternates between high and low values periodically, but with varying frequencies.

Wait, the previous code tried different pulse and sawtooth patterns. Maybe trying a different approach, like using a binary function with certain spacing. For example, placing the 1's in the function h at positions that are spaced apart, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to model that?

Alternatively, perhaps a more mathematical approach. The problem resembles the covering problem or the optimization of functions with certain constraints. Maybe using a greedy algorithm to place the values of h to minimize overlaps.

But optimization algorithms like SLSQP and DE might be too slow for the time budget. Maybe using a more efficient method, like gradient-based optimization with better initial points. Or maybe using a different optimization algorithm that's faster.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h is structured such that the overlap is as uniform as possible. For example, a function that is a union of intervals, spaced out to minimize overlaps when shifted. Like a set of intervals placed in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to model this as a step function. Let me think. Suppose h is a step function with certain intervals where it is 1, and the rest 0. Then the integral would be the measure of overlap between those intervals when shifted. But this is a discrete version of the problem, but the function is continuous. However, the step function is a discretization.

Wait, but in the problem, the step function is a vector h, which is a function over [0, 2], discretized into n_points samples. So the initial h is a 45-point array. Maybe I can create a more optimized initial guess by considering patterns that spread the 1's out as evenly as possible.

Alternatively, using a quasirandom sequence or something. For example, using a sequence that distributes the points evenly. But how to translate that into the h function.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the minimum maximum overlap, which might be solved by a periodic function. For example, if h has a period that's a divisor of 2, like 1, then shifting by 1 would give a certain overlap. But how to calculate that.

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of sine waves with specific frequencies. The previous code tried pulses and sawtooth, but maybe using a combination of multiple frequencies.

Wait, perhaps the initial code's approach is not sufficient. Maybe using a different optimization strategy. For instance, instead of trying multiple initial guesses, perhaps using a local search from the initial guess, but with more refinement. Or perhaps using a metaheuristic that's more efficient, like simulated annealing, but that might be slower.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on the structure of the problem. Since the integral is over x and x + k, perhaps considering shifting the function in the time domain and trying to prevent overlaps. The integral for a particular shift k is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k.

So, the maximum overlap over all shifts k is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. Wait, the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h) would involve integrating h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But that's exactly what the problem is. So maximizing the cross-correlation over shifts k. So, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and (1 - h).

Wait, but cross-correlation is typically defined as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x - k)) dx, but the problem here is h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So it's similar, but shifted in the other direction. But regardless, the problem is about minimizing the maximum of that cross-correlation over possible k shifts.

So, perhaps using a function that has a flat cross-correlation. To do that, the function h should be structured such that its shifts don't align with high values of (1 - h).

Another approach is to consider that for each shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x + k)) is 1. So, it's the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, the integral is the measure of x where h is 1 and h is 0 when shifted by k. Therefore, to minimize the maximum over k, we need to arrange the 1's in h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the 0 regions is minimized.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals so that when shifted, they don't overlap with existing 1's. So, perhaps the optimal h is a union of overlapping regions that are spaced out as much as possible.

But how to model this. Maybe using a binary function (like a set of intervals) that maximizes the minimum spacing between intervals. But since the function is continuous and we have to discretize it into samples, perhaps a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

But maybe the initial code's approach of using SLSQP and DE is not sufficient because it's stuck in local optima. Maybe trying different initial configurations could help. For example, starting with a more optimal initial guess that's better than the given initial_h_values.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different method for optimization, like a genetic algorithm. But the previous code uses DE and SLSQP, which are different.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a random h that's more optimized. But how to generate that.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe trying with a different number of points, say 60 or 90. Wait, but the user said smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping it around 45 is better. But the initial code uses 45. So perhaps trying a different number of points could help.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is given, so perhaps using that as the starting point. The user says to use initial_h_values if available. The previous code uses it as the first guess. Maybe I can modify the code to try different starting points, but in a more efficient way.

Alternatively, think about the function's structure. Maybe the optimal function h has a certain symmetry, like being periodic with a certain period. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit. If the function is periodic with period 1, then shifts by k would have some structure. But since the total integral is 1 over [0, 2], maybe the function has two copies of a pattern over [0, 1].

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a union of intervals placed in a way that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function h is a set of intervals spaced out such that any shift by k would not align the intervals with the 0 regions. But how to model this.

Another idea: using the fact that the integral over all shifts can be bounded using some mathematical analysis. For example, using Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation integral can be expressed as the Fourier transform of h convolved with the Fourier transform of (1 - h), but I'm not sure how that helps.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a variational one. The function h must satisfy ∫ h dx = 1, and we want to minimize the maximum of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over k. This seems like a non-convex optimization problem. But maybe using some convex relaxation techniques.

Alternatively, considering that for the maximum integral over k, the worst-case shift is when the overlap is maximized. So, the optimal h should spread out the 1's such that every possible shift doesn't create a large overlap.

But how to find such a function numerically. Maybe using a greedy algorithm: start with a certain configuration, then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, evaluate the overlap for each possible shift and adjust the function to decrease the maximum.

But for a numerical optimization approach, this might be feasible with gradient-based methods.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe the DE is too slow. If I can optimize the code to reduce the number of evaluations, that could help. For example, simplifying the objective function.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method. Or using a genetic algorithm with a better population size.

Another point: the evaluation of the objective function (i.e., computing the max of the cross-correlation) is time-consuming. Maybe precomputing it in a vectorized way could help. For example, using numpy's correlate function efficiently.

But the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation, but the maximum of that is needed. So for a given h, the maximum over k of the cross-correlation would be the maximum value of the full correlation. However, the integral is scaled by dx.

Wait, the problem says that the evaluation uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx. So for each shift, the value is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, which is the same as the cross-correlation at shift k. So the maximum of these values is the C5.

So, the key is to minimize that maximum.

But the cross-correlation can be computed efficiently with numpy, but for large h, it might take time. However, with n_points of around 45, the correlation is manageable.

So, maybe the main issue is the choice of optimization method and initial guesses.

Another approach: using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. For example, generating a better initial guess based on known structures.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Let me think about what it looks like. If it's a 45-point array, maybe it's designed to spread the mass over the interval [0, 2]. Perhaps based on some known construction. But without seeing the actual values, it's hard to say. So, perhaps the code should start with that, but also try other initial configurations.

Alternatively, using a more optimized initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values. For example, trying to spread it out more or have a certain pattern.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, perhaps we can use a method that alternates between different shifts and tries to adjust h to lower the maximum. For example, using a coordinate descent method, adjusting each point of h to minimize the current maximum overlap.

But how to implement that in code.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to a binary optimization problem. For example, if h is a step function that takes values 0 or 1, then the problem becomes finding a set of intervals (positions where h=1) such that the integral over all shifts is minimized. However, the current problem allows h to be any value between 0 and 1. But perhaps for the optimal case, h is binary, or close to it. However, the previous code allows h to be any step function, so it's not restricted to binary.

But even if h is binary, the optimization is still challenging. Maybe using a binary initial guess and then allowing some softening.

But the code must be efficient within the time budget. So perhaps the previous code's approach is already quite efficient, but I need to tweak the parameters and strategies to find a better solution.

Another thought: the previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe using more aggressive parameters for DE, or using a different mutation and recombination strategy. Also, the number of iterations is limited. For example, in the DE part, the code runs for 50 iterations. Maybe increasing that could help, but it would use more time.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, generating a better one. For instance, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, maybe using a different function.

Wait, the code includes a gen_random() function which generates a random h, scaling it to meet the integral requirement. Maybe generating several random initial guesses and using them as starting points. But the previous code only uses the initial h and some generated functions.

Another idea: trying to use a more systematic approach for the initial guesses. For example, generating multiple functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, and then optimizing them. But the previous code does that.

Maybe the issue is that the code's optimization is not sufficient. For example, after the initial SLSQP steps, the DE is run for 3 iterations. But perhaps using more iterations or refining more could help. However, the time budget is tight.

Another possible improvement: instead of using multiple initial guesses, focus on a single high-quality initial guess and refine it more thoroughly. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and then doing a more extensive optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy for the refinement steps. Perhaps using a conjugate gradient method, or a different algorithm.

Another idea: use a hybrid approach. Start with a rough optimization using DE to find a good initial solution, then perform a more precise optimization with SLSQP. This is similar to the previous code, but perhaps adjusting the parameters for better convergence.

Also, the previous code uses the same bounds for all points, which is correct. The constraints are that the integral is 1, which is enforced via the equality constraint.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is non-convex, so the optimization is likely to get stuck in local minima. To mitigate this, the code uses multiple initial guesses. Perhaps adding more different types of initial guesses could help find a better solution.

For example, besides pulses, saw, and triangles, maybe trying other waveforms, like a square wave, or a sine wave.

Alternatively, using functions that are based on the known optimal solutions for smaller cases. For example, if there's a known construction for C5 that's close to 0.38, maybe adapting that.

But without specific knowledge of such constructions, it's hard to proceed.

Another approach: trying to use a different numerical method for the optimization. For instance, using the Basin Hopping algorithm, which is a global optimization method that combines local optimization with random perturbations. This could potentially escape local minima more effectively.

But I need to check if the scipy.optimize module includes Basin Hopping. Yes, scipy.optimize.basinhopping is available, which could be a better approach for finding the global minimum.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization. But that might be more complex.

Alternatively, trying to use a genetic algorithm with a larger population and better mutation strategies.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach with SLSQP and DE is the way to go, but with some parameter adjustments.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the first guess. Then, multiple guesses are generated, including pulses, saw, triangles, and random. Then, each guess is optimized with SLSQP, and the best is kept. Then, DE is run for a few iterations to further improve. Then, refinement with SLSQP again.

But maybe adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in DE could help find better solutions faster. For example, increasing the mutation range, or changing the recombination strategy.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate a better initial guess.

But in the previous code, the DE is used for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations and using a different strategy.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed number of DE iterations (50), but after those, it proceeds with SLSQP refinement. Perhaps increasing the DE iterations could allow for a better starting point.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps: using DE for more iterations to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP for a more precise optimization.

Another thought: the current code's objective function returns the maximum correlation, which is what we need to minimize. However, the optimization is performed with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. To avoid getting stuck in local optima, the code uses multiple initial guesses. But perhaps using a different initial guess that's better than the initial_h_values would help.

But since the initial_h_values is fixed, maybe the code should consider generating more initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, creating a new initial guess by modifying the existing initial_h_values.

Alternatively, creating an initial guess that's a periodic function with a certain frequency. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

Wait, the previous code already generates pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Perhaps trying more variations, such as different duty cycles for pulses, or different frequencies.

But the code tries various frequencies and duty cycles. However, maybe adding more combinations or different types of functions would help.

Alternatively, trying to use a more complex waveform, like a combination of multiple frequencies.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I can consider:

1. Enhancing the initial guess generation with more diverse patterns.
2. Using more sophisticated optimization methods like Basin Hopping or genetic algorithms.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms (e.g., increasing DE iterations, changing mutation/recombination strategies).
4. Refining the optimization process by using more iterations of SLSQP after DE.
5. Trying different numbers of points, but since the initial is 45, which is small, maybe stick with that.

Given the time constraints, the best approach might be to modify the existing code to use more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and possibly switch to Basin Hopping or other global optimizers.

However, considering that the user's previous code uses DE and SLSQP, perhaps the key is to increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the parameters to get better convergence.

Another idea: instead of using DE for a few iterations, use it for more iterations, but with a limited number of generations to keep within the time budget. Also, use a better population size.

But to implement this, I'd need to adjust the DE parameters.

Alternatively, using a combination of DE and SLSQP with more iterations.

Another potential improvement: during the refinement phase, using a more aggressive optimization. For example, allowing more iterations in SLSQP.

But in the previous code, the refinement phase runs for 10 iterations. Perhaps increasing that number.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

For example, instead of just a few guesses, generating a larger set of initial h configurations, possibly based on different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a Latin hypercube sampling for initial guesses, but that might be complex.

In the code provided, the guesses are generated based on three types: pulse, saw, triangle, and random. Adding more types or varying parameters could help.

But given the time, maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code to:

- Use more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Adjust the DE parameters to use more iterations and different mutation strategies.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

But how to fit this into the code.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial h as the first guess. But what if we generate a better initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values. For example, applying a smoothing or spreading it out.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values might be a suboptimal starting point, generating a better one by using a more optimal design.

However, without knowing what the initial_h_values is, it's hard to modify it directly. So the previous code's approach of starting from the given initial guess is the way to go.

To summarize, the plan is to enhance the existing code by:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses (more diverse functions).
2. Using a different optimization method like Basin Hopping or genetic algorithm.
3. Adjusting DE and SLSQP parameters for better convergence.
4. Extending the refinement phase with more iterations.
5. Using more aggressive optimization steps.

But given the code's structure, maybe the best way is to tweak the existing code.

Another thing I noticed is that the previous code uses a full cross-correlation (mode='full'), but perhaps the maximum can be computed more efficiently. For example, by focusing on shifts within a certain range, but I'm not sure.

In conclusion, the code needs to be improved by generating more diverse initial guesses, optimizing with better parameters, and perhaps using different optimization strategies. However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. But the code must be written within the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```