<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and we need to see if we can get even lower. 

First, I need to understand the problem statement again. The task is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that h has to be between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and (1-h), scaled by dx. 

The previous code uses a combination of different guesses and optimization methods, like SLSQP and differential evolution. The user wants a different approach, perhaps better optimization strategies or different initial configurations. 

Hmm, maybe instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, we can explore more structured approaches. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy. Or maybe considering more sophisticated local optimization techniques. Also, perhaps the initial guess could be improved. 

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, which might be a good starting point. But the previous code uses some generated pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe we can think of different patterns—like a more irregular distribution of the function's steps to minimize overlaps. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The objective is to minimize the maximum value of the integral over all shifts. However, the max is a tricky function to optimize. 

An alternative approach is to discretize the problem and use convex optimization. But since the problem is non-convex (due to the max over integral values), it's challenging. 

Wait, the previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and runs SLSQP to refine them. Maybe we can try more diverse initial guesses. Or perhaps use a different optimization method, such as Bayesian optimization, which could be more efficient in exploring the search space. 

But given the time constraints of 100 seconds, maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. However, DE can be slow. 

Alternatively, maybe we can use a coordinate descent approach, iteratively optimizing each point of the function while maintaining the integral constraint. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation, where the function h should be spread out in such a way that when you shift it, there's minimal overlap. So, perhaps a more uniform distribution of h's values with certain periodicity. 

But given that the function must be a step function (discrete samples), maybe we can model this as a combinatorial optimization problem. For example, placing the ones as evenly spaced as possible, but with some variations. 

Wait, the current best solution uses n_points=45. Let's note that 2 is the length of the interval. So, the function has to be sampled in n_points points. For 45 points, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. 

The previous code's approach starts with some initial guesses, like pulses and sawtooth waves, and then applies optimization steps. However, maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a more structured pattern, like a combination of regular intervals with some deviation. 

Another idea: consider using a piecewise constant function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that avoids overlapping too much when shifted. For example, if the function is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, then shifting it by a certain amount would cause some overlap. The key is to arrange the intervals so that no shift results in a large overlap. 

But how to model this? It's a bit abstract. Maybe the function should be designed to have as many "gaps" as possible in the overlap. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The function h needs to be designed such that when you shift it, the area where h and 1-h overlap is minimized. 

Maybe using a probabilistic approach, like generating random candidates but with constraints on their structure. 

Wait, the previous code uses a genetic algorithm-like approach with differential evolution. But DE can be slow. Maybe we can use a more efficient global optimization method. 

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize methods. Let me think about the parameters. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, the method might be too slow for the current parameters. Could we adjust the parameters, like using a different tolerance or fewer iterations? 

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of local and global optimization. For example, using differential evolution to find a good starting point and then using SLSQP to refine it. 

But the previous code already does that. Hmm. So maybe the issue is with the initial guesses. Let's consider the initial_h_values. If the current initial_h_values is a good starting point, maybe we can do more aggressive optimization steps. 

Wait, the user says to start from the current construction (initial_h_values), which is provided. So maybe we can focus on refining that initial guess with more sophisticated optimization steps. 

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is over all k. For each k, the integral is the overlap between h and (1-h) shifted by k. So, the overlap can be thought of as the inner product of h and (1-h) shifted, scaled by dx. 

But for each shift k, the integral is equivalent to the convolution of h and (1-h), evaluated at position k. But since we're looking at the maximum over all positions, the problem is to minimize the maximum value of this convolution. 

So, the problem resembles minimizing the maximum of the convolution between h and (1-h), which is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation. 

In signal processing, such problems have been addressed with various techniques. Maybe we can think of it as a problem of designing a signal h that has minimal maximum cross-correlation with itself (but here it's (1-h)). 

Wait, but in this case, the function is (1-h), so we can think of h as a binary signal (but in a continuous domain) that needs to be designed to minimize the maximum overlap. 

Another approach: use a randomized search with some structure. For example, generate multiple candidates with varying numbers of pulses or other shapes, and evaluate them. 

But again, given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. 

Looking at the previous code, the current approach is to generate initial guesses with various waveforms, then optimize them. However, the problem with that approach could be that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to getting stuck in local optima. 

Alternatively, maybe use a more structured initial guess. For example, create a function that's composed of multiple intervals where the value is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps. For instance, if the interval is divided into m equal parts, each part alternates between 1 and 0. But how to determine m and the exact positions? 

Alternatively, use a greedy approach. For example, iteratively adjust the function to minimize the maximum overlap. But how to implement this? 

Another idea: The integral of h is 1, so the average value of h is 1/2. Therefore, the function can be thought of as a 50% duty cycle. The overlap would be larger if there are regions where h is 1 and (1-h) is 1, which occurs when the shift k causes alignment. 

Thus, the function should be designed to have minimal overlapping when shifted. One way to do this is to arrange the 1s and 0s in such a way that any shift by k would not cause too much overlap. 

For example, a periodic pattern with a certain period. However, since the interval is [0,2], the period needs to be chosen such that the entire function can fit into this interval. 

Alternatively, use a non-periodic but structured pattern. For instance, place the 1s in a staggered fashion so that shifting by any k doesn't align too many 1s with 1s of (1-h). 

But how to translate this into code? 

Alternatively, think of the problem as similar to the problem of finding a sequence with low autocorrelation. In that case, sequences like Golay sequences or other low autocorrelation sequences are used. However, here the problem is different, since the function is not necessarily periodic and the target is a step function. 

But maybe we can adapt some ideas from those. For instance, using a sequence that has low autocorrelation, then modifying it to fit the integral constraint. 

But let's think practically. Since the current code uses 45 samples, maybe we can try a larger number of points? Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, but it's allowed to use larger ones. However, larger sequences may take longer to optimize. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. What if we use a different optimizer, like the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free and can be effective in high-dimensional spaces? 

But Nelder-Mead might be slower, especially with 45 variables. However, considering the time budget, maybe it's manageable. 

Another angle is to model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the max over integrals is non-convex, so that's not straightforward. 

Alternatively, approximate the problem by using a quadratic objective that's easier to optimize. For example, minimizing the maximum value by approximating it with a quadratic penalty. But this might not lead to the exact solution. 

Looking back at the previous code, the approach is to generate various initial guesses and then optimize them. Perhaps we can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, include more types of waveforms, such as triangular, square, and other shapes. 

Alternatively, use a more systematic way of generating initial guesses. For instance, create a set of candidate positions for the 1s and 0s, such as placing them in a way that distributes them evenly. 

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe the problem is that the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses, and the initial_h_values is a good starting point. Perhaps the issue is that the optimization parameters are not set optimally. 

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is used with maxiter=150 and ftol=1e-12. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help, but that would take more time. 

Alternatively, use a different optimization method. For example, using a combination of random restarts with some heuristic. 

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Since cross-correlation can be high for certain shifts, why not try to minimize all of them? But that's impossible because for any function, there will be some shift with high correlation. 

But the key is to find a h that makes the maximum cross-correlation as small as possible. 

Let me think of how the cross-correlation is computed. The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x + k)) dx, for each k. 

But since the interval is [0,2], the maximum k that would wrap around would be 2. So for the mode 'full' in numpy.correlate, the correlator is computed for all possible lags. For each lag k, the integral is evaluated. The maximum of these integrals is what we want to minimize. 

So, the problem is to find h such that this maximum is minimized. 

In terms of optimization, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where the objective is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, because of the max function, this is a non-convex problem. 

Therefore, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm, or to use a different formulation. 

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is the same as the inner product between h and (1-h shifted by k), we can think of the problem as minimizing the maximum inner product over all shifts. This is similar to the problem of finding a function that is "balanced" in all shifts. 

In terms of mathematical literature, this might be related to the concept of "balanced" functions or "low discrepancy" sequences. But I'm not sure of the exact terminology. 

Alternatively, think about this in terms of Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation is related to the convolution theorem. The cross-correlation between h and (1-h) can be written as the inverse Fourier transform of the product of the Fourier transform of h and the conjugate of the Fourier transform of (1-h). However, since we are looking for the maximum value of the cross-correlation, this approach might not directly help. 

But perhaps using Fourier analysis as a tool to design the function h. For example, if we can design h such that its Fourier transform has certain properties, which would lead to a lower maximum cross-correlation. But this is quite abstract and might not be straightforward to implement. 

Given the time constraints and the need to write code, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code with more efficient optimization steps. For example, using a more effective initial guess, adjusting the optimization parameters, and combining different optimization methods. 

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as the starting point, and then other guesses are added. Maybe the problem is that the initial_h_values is not well-suited. But since it's provided, maybe it's already a good starting point. 

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution with a population size of 120 and maxiter=70. Maybe increasing the population size or the maxiter would help find better solutions. However, this would take more time. 

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, we need to be careful about the computational complexity. 

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the previous code doesn't explore enough diverse initial guesses. Perhaps generating more varied initial guesses based on different patterns, such as random, periodic, or structured. 

Alternatively, consider using a more efficient local search algorithm. For example, after finding a good initial guess with differential evolution, perform a more aggressive refinement using SLSQP with more iterations. 

Let me outline a possible strategy for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
2. Generate a set of diverse initial guesses, including some variations of the initial_h_values, random samples, and structured patterns.
3. Use a combination of global optimization (differential evolution) and local optimization (SLSQP) to refine each guess.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters (like the number of iterations, tolerance, etc.) to balance between exploration and exploitation.
5. Ensure that the code is efficient enough to run within the budget, avoiding unnecessary computations.

Another point to consider is the way the cross-correlation is calculated. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might be more computationally intensive. However, since it's part of the evaluation function, it's necessary. 

Now, looking at the previous code's refinement steps, after generating initial guesses, it runs a few rounds of optimization. Maybe we can increase the number of refinement steps or adjust the parameters of the optimization methods. 

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of points. The previous code uses n=45. Maybe using fewer points (like 30-40 points) could lead to faster optimizations. However, the problem statement prefers smaller sequences, but the user's previous code used 45. So maybe the current approach is already using the optimal number. 

Alternatively, test different values of n_points. But given the time constraints, it's better to stick with the provided initial_h_values, which is n=45. 

Another idea: the current code uses the same initial_h_values for multiple optimization steps. Maybe perturbing the initial_h_values slightly and optimizing from there can lead to better results. 

Alternatively, use a different set of functions for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, generate functions that are more irregular or have different frequencies. 

But how to code this efficiently? Maybe generate functions with varying numbers of steps or different positions. 

In summary, the approach for the new code could be:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate a variety of initial guesses that are different from the initial_h_values, such as random, pulses with different frequencies, sawtooth, and triangular waves.
- Perform differential evolution to find a good starting point.
- Refine using SLSQP with more iterations.
- Adjust parameters to ensure that the optimization is efficient within the time budget.

Now, considering the code structure. The previous code uses scipy.optimize methods. The new code should define the run function with the same structure, but with adjusted parameters or methods.

Potential changes:

- Increase the number of guesses or diversity in generating initial guesses.
- Adjust the optimization parameters for SLSQP and differential evolution.
- Add more refinement steps.
- Use different optimization methods or parameter settings.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So perhaps using differential evolution with a smaller population size and more iterations, then refining with SLSQP. 

Another possible improvement is to use a combination of different optimization techniques. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a certain diversity of candidates, then applying local optimization on the best candidates. 

But in practice, the code will need to be written in a way that takes advantage of the available time. 

Let's think about the code structure:

The current run function uses a seed, which may help in reproducibility, but the user might want the best solution possible regardless of the seed. However, for the purposes of this code, we can assume that the seed is fixed (as per the problem's initial setup). 

Another thing to consider is that the problem requires the function to be a step function, so the h_values are sampled at discrete points. Therefore, any continuous function is approximated by these points. 

In terms of the code, the main parts are:

1. Defining the objective function (max cross-correlation).
2. Defining the constraint (sum of h is 1/2 * n_points).
3. Generating initial guesses.
4. Applying the optimization methods.

Now, for the new code, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses, sawtooth, and triangles, we can generate functions with different patterns, like random walks or other structured patterns. 

But generating these patterns algorithmically is essential to avoid long literal lists. 

Another idea: instead of using multiple waveforms, generate initial guesses that are variations of the initial_h_values with small perturbations. For example, adding random noise to the initial_h_values and then normalizing. 

But this might not help much, as the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point. 

Alternatively, using a more effective optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method for SLSQP, which is suitable for bounds constraints and may be more efficient. 

In the previous code, SLSQP is used with certain options. Maybe changing the method or the options could lead to better results. 

Another thing: in the previous code, the objective function is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is calculated as the full convolution, and then the maximum is taken. But this could be computationally intensive for large n_points. 

But given that n_points is 45 (or possibly smaller), this is manageable. 

In conclusion, the new code could be structured to:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the base.
- Generate a set of diverse initial guesses, including random, structured patterns, and variations of the initial_h_values.
- Use differential evolution to explore the search space, then refine with SLSQP.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to balance exploration and exploitation.
- Perform multiple refinement steps to improve the solution.

Let me now draft the code based on these ideas.

First, the code should import the necessary modules. Then, define the run function. The initial_h_values are available as a global variable. 

The code will start with the initial_h_values, generate other guesses, and optimize them. 

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. To increase diversity, we can add more types, like random, even more structured patterns, or other waveforms. 

Alternatively, generate a random guess that's more varied. 

The code's main structure remains similar, but with adjusted parameters. For example, using a higher number of iterations for the differential evolution, or more refinement steps. 

Also, consider that the previous code had some biases towards certain waveforms. Perhaps varying the frequencies or amplitudes could help. 

Another idea: for the initial guesses, use a combination of the initial_h_values and some random perturbations. 

Moreover, in the previous code, the refinement steps use SLSQP with 200 iterations. Perhaps increasing this number or adjusting the tolerance could yield better results. 

In terms of the code structure, the main changes could be in the generation of initial guesses and the optimization parameters. 

So, putting it all together, the new code would look similar to the previous one but with more varied initial guesses and possibly adjusted optimization settings. 

Finally, ensure that the code stays within the 100-second budget, so that the optimization steps are efficient. 

Now, considering all these points, I can write the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```