<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for C₅, the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and they want me to beat that, maybe even get close to 0.380876. The previous code used some optimization techniques with SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral C₅ is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated by taking the convolution of h and (1-h), then finding the maximum value. So, for each shift k, we compute the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, and then take the maximum over k. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach used various guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, then optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe there's a different approach. Let's think about possible strategies.

One idea is to use more structured patterns. The Erdős problem is related to the distribution of the function h. If the function has a certain periodicity or symmetry, maybe we can exploit that to lower the maximum overlap.

Another thought is to consider the problem as an optimization problem where we need to minimize the worst-case overlap. This is similar to a robust optimization problem, so maybe using a different algorithm, like a genetic algorithm or a more efficient local search, could help. But the previous code already used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe tweaking the parameters or the initial guesses could lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different basis for the function h. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals that are designed to minimize overlap. Since the problem involves shifts, perhaps arranging the intervals so that they're spread out in a way that overlapping with their shifted versions is minimized.

The initial guess provided by the user has 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user said that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the previous code used n_points=45, so maybe that's acceptable. Wait, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So using 45 is okay.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. For the maximum over k to be small, h should be arranged so that for any shift k, the product h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is low. This is similar to a covering problem where you want h and 1-h to not overlap too much. Maybe a good approach is to have h(x) be 1 on intervals that are spaced out in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much with the 1-h regions.

Wait, the integral of h(x) is 1. So the area where h is 1 is 1, and the rest is 0, but since it's a step function, it's piecewise constant. Maybe arranging the steps so that the regions where h is 1 are spread out as evenly as possible. For example, if h is 1 for intervals of length l, then placed such that shifting by some k would make the overlap minimal.

Alternatively, using a random phase shift or a certain pattern. The previous code used pulses and sawtooth patterns. Maybe trying more complex patterns or combining them.

Another approach is to model the problem as a convolution. The maximum of the convolution between h and (1-h) is what we want to minimize. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach, but since it's a numerical optimization problem, that might not be straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code. It generates various guess functions, like pulses, sawtooth, etc., then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help escape local optima.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, the function h should be such that its shifted versions do not overlap much with itself. So, perhaps using a function that is a sum of delta functions placed in a way that their shifts are spaced out. However, since h is a step function, maybe using a series of intervals where h is 1, spaced out so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

Wait, but how to model that. For example, if h is 1 on points that are spaced periodically, then shifting by a certain amount would cause overlaps. But with the integral constraint, the total area is 1. So, for example, if you divide the interval [0,2] into n equal parts, and set h to 1 on certain parts so that the total area is 1. However, the number of samples is fixed, so for 45 samples, the interval length is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. So, each sample is 2/45 in width. Wait, no. The dx is 2.0 / n_points. So each point represents a subinterval of length dx. So, for n_points=45, the step function h is defined on intervals of length dx, and the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1. So, the total area is 1.

So, for a step function, the value h[i] represents the value of h on the i-th subinterval of length dx. Therefore, to model the function, the h is a vector of values that are either 0 or 1, or some value in [0,1], but since it's a step function, maybe the optimal solution would have h take values 0 or 1. However, the problem allows h to be in [0,1], so maybe allowing some intermediate values could help. For example, if the function has regions where it's 0.5, that might reduce the overlap with shifts.

But how to model that. Let's think: For any shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If h is designed to be 1 in some regions and 0 in others, then the overlap would be the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. However, if some parts of h are 0.5, then in those regions, the product term would be 0.5*(1 - 0.5) = 0.25, which is less than if it's 1*0. So, perhaps introducing intermediate values can help reduce the maximum overlap. However, the trade-off is that the integral over the entire function must be 1. If we have regions where h is 0.5, that might allow for a more uniform distribution, leading to lower overlaps.

But how to find such a function. One approach is to consider the problem as an optimization over h with the constraints. The previous code uses numerical optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution, which are local search methods. However, these can get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a more global search method, like genetic algorithms, could help find a better solution.

But the user has a time budget of 100 seconds. So, the code needs to run efficiently. Perhaps using a combination of different methods, such as starting with a genetic algorithm for global search, then refining with SLSQP for local optimization.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values are provided, but perhaps generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, generating a function that is more evenly spread out.

Another idea is to use a mathematical structure. For instance, if we can find a function that is designed to have minimal overlap, maybe based on some known construction. However, I'm not aware of a specific known construction for C₅, so perhaps trying to create a periodic function or a function with specific symmetry.

Wait, the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function with minimal self-overlap. This is similar to the covering problem, where you want the function to not cover the same area when shifted. One approach is to use a function that is a sum of overlapping intervals but arranged in a way that their shifted versions have minimal overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for certain intervals but 0 elsewhere, arranged such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimal. However, since the total area is 1, the length of the intervals where h is 1 must be such that the total area is 1, which would require the sum of the lengths of the intervals to be 1. Since the domain is [0,2], the total area is 1, so the length of the regions where h is 1 is 1. Thus, the length of these intervals must be 1 in total.

So, for example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5, placed such that they are spaced apart. But how to arrange them so that shifting by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. However, this is getting into the realm of the Erdos problem itself, where the optimal solution is known to be related to the covering problem. But for specific n, maybe there's a known way.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function for the Erdos problem is a function with a certain periodic structure. For example, if the function h is designed to be 1 in certain positions that are spaced out in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to translate this into code. Maybe generating a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a specific pattern. For instance, for the given n_points=45, the step function could have h(x) take the value 1 on certain intervals, spaced out as evenly as possible.

Wait, let's think about the current initial_h_values. The user provided an initial_h_values which is 45 samples. Maybe that's a specific pattern. But without seeing the actual values, it's hard to tell. However, the previous code tried to optimize from there.

Another approach is to model the problem as a mathematical optimization problem. Let me think: the integral over all x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k). But since the integral of h(x) is 1, then the integral of h(x) over x is 1, and the integral over x of h(x)h(x +k) is something that depends on k. So, the max over k of [1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx].

But this is the same as the original problem. So, minimizing the maximum of this quantity is equivalent to maximizing the minimal integral of h(x)h(x +k) over k. So, the problem becomes finding a function h with integral 1 that maximizes the minimal overlap integral. But how to approach this numerically.

Maybe using some variational methods, but that's probably too abstract for numerical optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with constraints, but the previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithm, like the tolerance or the number of iterations, could lead to better results.

Another idea: the current code starts from the initial_h_values, then uses various guess functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses, such as different patterns, could help. For example, generating functions with different numbers of intervals, or different distributions.

But considering the code's time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the optimization process rather than generating more initial guesses.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with various functions (pulses, sawtooth, etc.) and random functions. However, perhaps using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses could be better. For example, using a randomized approach to generate functions with certain properties.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, which could help escape local optima. But simulated annealing might be slower, which could exceed the time budget.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum correlation between h and 1-h. So, perhaps the problem can be thought of as trying to minimize the maximum cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). This is similar to the problem of designing a signal with low cross-correlation with its complement.

In signal processing, this is akin to finding a signal with certain properties. One approach could be to use a set of basis functions and optimize the coefficients. But for a step function, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h is a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) for the minimal maximum overlap. However, the problem allows for intermediate values. Maybe trying a binary function and optimizing it would help. But the problem is that the measure of the set where h is 1 must be 1, so the total length of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. However, the previous code allows for non-binary values.

But for faster optimization, maybe we can restrict h to be binary. However, the previous code includes a constraint that the sum of h is fixed, so that would be possible.

Wait, but in the previous code, the function h can take any value between 0 and 1. So, allowing intermediate values might give a better result. However, enforcing binary values could be more restrictive.

But maybe considering binary functions is a way to explore more structured solutions. However, the previous code uses non-binary values. Maybe the optimal solution is non-binary, so allowing them might be better.

Another angle: the previous code uses a differential evolution approach with a population of 50 and maxiter=50, then refines with SLSQP. But perhaps increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results. However, this would take more time, so need to balance between the time budget and the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But considering the time constraint, perhaps the previous code's approach is already sufficient, but with some tweaks.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution to generate more guesses, then refines them. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could improve the results.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters for the differential evolution. For example, increasing the mutation range or changing the recombination rate.

Another idea: using multiple starting points and co-evolving them. However, this might be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. The current code calculates the correlation using numpy.correlate, which is efficient. But what if there's a better way?

Wait, the code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral for each shift k is (correlation at shift k) * dx. The maximum of these values is C₅. But the maximum occurs at certain shifts, maybe the ones corresponding to the points where the overlap is highest.

But the code as written computes all shifts and takes the maximum.

Another thought: perhaps the maximum occurs for k in certain ranges, like shifts that correspond to the length of the domain. For example, for the domain [0,2], the shift k could be in [-2, 2], but since x is in [0,2], the overlap integral for k is computed over x where x and x + k are both within [0,2]. However, numpy.correlate with mode 'full' considers all possible shifts, including negative ones, so the code is correct.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values provided by the user. Maybe that's a suboptimal starting point, and generating better initial guesses could significantly improve the result. For example, generating a function that is a more uniform distribution of 1's.

Wait, perhaps the initial_h_values are generated with some specific pattern. If they are not optimal, starting from there might not lead to the best solution. So, maybe generating a more optimal initial guess.

For instance, creating an initial guess where the function h is 1 on intervals spaced periodically. For example, if the function is designed to have 1 on positions that are evenly spaced, but with some adjustments to satisfy the integral constraint.

Let me think: the integral of h is 1. For a periodic function, the number of intervals where h is 1 must be such that their total length is 1. For example, if we have m intervals of length l each, then m*l = 1. The spacing between them should be such that shifting by certain amounts doesn't cause overlapping.

But how to code this. For n_points=45, dx=2/45. So, the step function is divided into 45 intervals of width 2/45. Suppose we want to set h to 1 in m intervals. The total area would be sum of h_i * dx. So, if m is the number of intervals where h is 1, and the rest are 0, then total area is m*dx = 1. Therefore, m = 1/(dx) = 45/2. But 45/2 is 22.5. Which isn't an integer. So, perhaps not the right approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a continuous function. But the step function is discretized into samples. So, the initial_h_values could be a binary vector where the 1's are placed in such a way to minimize overlap.

For example, for a function with m 1's and (n_points - m) 0's, the total area is m*dx. To have m*dx=1, m = n_points/(2). Since n_points is 45, m would be 45/2 = 22.5. Which is not possible. Hence, the function can't be binary. Therefore, some intervals must have intermediate values to satisfy the area constraint. However, the previous code allows for continuous values.

So, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of some intervals with 1, others with 0, and some with intermediate values. But how to model this.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal function is symmetric. For example, placing the regions where h is 1 symmetrically around the midpoint of [0,2]. This could help in reducing the overlap when shifted by symmetric amounts.

Alternatively, using a function that has overlapping regions, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a function that has a 1 on the left half and 0 on the right, but that's not going to help with overlaps, since shifting by a small amount would cause overlap between the left and right parts.

Hmm. This is getting a bit stuck. Maybe I should look for patterns in the current code and think about improvements.

The previous code runs SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses aren't diverse enough. For example, generating more initial guesses with different patterns. Or using a more effective optimization method.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.), but perhaps generating more varied guesses, like randomized functions, could help. For example, generating functions with different numbers of intervals, different spacings, etc.

Alternatively, trying to use a different approach to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a function that is a combination of multiple shifted pulses, with varying positions and widths.

But how to code this. Maybe using a sinusoidal function with a certain frequency and duty cycle, like the previous code does. However, the previous code uses a small set of frequencies and duties. Maybe expanding that to more frequencies and duties could help generate better initial guesses.

Alternatively, randomly generating many initial guesses and optimizing them. However, this would take more time.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and apply some transforms to it. For example, perturbing it slightly or adjusting the positions of the 1s.

But without knowing what the initial_h_values look like, it's hard to say. However, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved a C₅ bound of 0.381142. The target is to improve it to 0.38085 or lower.

So, perhaps the previous code could be modified by adding more initial guess functions. For example, including more varied patterns like cubic waves, or other waveforms. Or generating functions based on random phase shifts or other strategies.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method in SLSQP, which is more robust for bound-constrained problems.

Another thing: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a lot of iterations, but maybe changing the tolerance or the number of iterations could help. For example, increasing the 'ftol' parameter to allow for a better convergence.

Wait, but the user wants to find the best solution within the time budget. So, perhaps the best approach is to focus on generating more effective initial guesses and using a combination of different optimization methods to refine them.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed set of guess functions, generate a random set of functions with certain properties. For example, randomly placing the 1's and 0's in a way that satisfies the integral constraint, and then optimizing them.

But again, this could take more time.

Alternatively, using a neural network approach. However, that might be too complex for the given time constraint and the need for a Python code block.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over shifts, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is a constant 1/2 over the domain, but that would give an overlap integral of 1/2 * 1/2 = 1/4, which is worse than the current record. So that's not ideal.

Alternatively, using a function that has regions with values that vary in a way to balance the overlap. For example, using a function that is high in some regions and low in others, but arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to code this. Perhaps using a combination of different waveforms and then optimizing.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same n_points (45) as the initial_h_values. Maybe using a different n_points could help. For example, using a larger number of points could allow for more precise optimization. But the user wants smaller sequences, so 45 is acceptable.

Another approach: exploiting the periodicity of the problem. For example, since we're dealing with a function on [0,2], the overlaps for shifts by amounts larger than 2 may not be important due to the periodicity. However, the integral is defined over the domain [0,2], so shifts beyond 2 would wrap around, but the code as written considers all shifts.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for shifts within a certain range, like between 0 and 1. For example, for the function on [0,2], the shifts that matter are those where x and x +k are both in [0,2]. So, for k in [0, 2], and x in [0, 2 -k]. So, the maximum overlap could be over a limited range of k values. However, the code's evaluation of the correlation covers all possible shifts, so it's correct.

Another thought: the code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. To minimize this, it's important to find a function where the correlation is low across as many shifts as possible.

Perhaps using a function that is designed to have periodicity that causes the correlation to be minimal. For example, using a function with a frequency that splits the domain into parts that, when shifted, do not overlap much.

But again, without knowing the exact form, it's hard to code.

Another possible improvement: in the previous code, after generating the initial guesses, they are optimized with SLSQP. However, the SLSQP method might not be the best for this problem. Maybe switching to the Powell method or another optimization algorithm could yield better results.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then refine with SLSQP.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is used for a few iterations, and then refined. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution could lead to better results.

Another thought: the code's objective function might have a lot of local minima. To escape them, using a more diverse set of initial guesses is important. The previous code generates guesses with various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, and some random ones. Maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters could help.

Another idea: for the initial guesses, instead of using fixed patterns, generate functions that have different numbers of pulses or varying widths. For example, generating functions with multiple overlapping pulses that are adjusted to satisfy the integral constraint.

But this is getting too vague. To proceed, I need to think of a concrete modification to the existing code.

Perhaps the main issue with the previous approach is the limited number of initial guess functions. Maybe generating more initial functions would help. For example, using a larger number of pulse frequencies and duty cycles, or more complex waveforms.

Alternatively, generating functions based on random placement of 1's and 0's, ensuring that the integral constraint is satisfied. For example, starting with a random array of values between 0 and 1, then normalizing to have sum h * dx = 1.

But how to do that. For example, the code uses gen_random(), which creates a random array and then scales it. However, maybe generating more such random functions could help.

Additionally, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for a limited number of iterations, and then refinement is done. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or the population size could lead to better results.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of function evaluations by using a more efficient method for the objective function. For example, precomputing certain values or using faster correlation calculations.

But the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient, so that's probably not the issue.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to include more initial guess functions and adjust the optimization parameters to focus on refining the best guess.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe a better one can be generated.

Another thought: what if the function h is designed in such a way that it is composed of multiple intervals with constant values, but arranged to minimize overlap. For example, dividing the domain into three equal parts and setting h to take values that balance the overlaps.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this.

Considering all this, perhaps the best improvement is to adjust the initial guess generation and optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of random initial guesses or generating more varied patterns.

So, in the code, perhaps expanding the guesses list with more functions, like using different waveforms, or more frequencies and duty cycles.

Additionally, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.

Alternatively, changing the method used for optimization, like using COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

But the code already uses SLSQP. Assuming that's the best option.

So, the plan is to modify the code to generate more initial guesses, use a broader range of patterns, increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and refinement, and adjust the optimization settings to allow for better convergence.

Therefore, the modified code would include:

- More initial guess functions.
- More iterations in differential evolution.
- Better refinement steps.
- Possible changes to the optimize method.

But to fit within the time budget, the code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: since the previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which may not be optimal, but the user has access to it, it's better to start from that. However, perhaps the initial_guess is not the best, so generating more varied initial guesses would help.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Generate more initial guess functions with different patterns.
2. Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and refinement.
3. Use tighter optimization settings (like lower ftol).
4. Possibly change the optimization method or parameters.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different patterns (like different frequencies, duty cycles, or random functions).
- Use differential evolution with more iterations.
- Refine the best guess with SLSQP for more iterations.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Increasing the number of guesses would require more time, but given the time budget, maybe it's manageable.

So, the code would generate a larger list of guesses, perhaps including more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, as well as more random functions.

For example, in the previous code, for frequencies 3 to 9, generate pulses and sawtooth with varying duties. Maybe extend the frequency range or add more duties.

Additionally, generating functions with different waveforms like square waves, triangular waves, or other periodic functions.

But given the time, it's better to proceed with the code modifications.

The final code would look something like this, with enhanced guess generation and more refinement steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 10):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```