<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to get even lower, like 0.380876. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the previous code uses a combination of different guess strategies, like generating pulses, sawtooth waves, triangles, and random initializations. Then it uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe I can find a better approach.

Hmm, the main challenge is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts. The overlap integral is calculated as the correlation between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. So, for each shift k, we compute the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, and the maximum of these over all k is what we need to minimize.

The previous code uses a fixed number of points, n_points=45. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, maybe there's a sweet spot where more points allow for a better structure. Wait, the user said to prefer sequences with less than 1k samples, but the previous code uses 45. So maybe starting with 45 is acceptable.

But how to improve the optimization process? The current approach uses multiple initial guesses and applies SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or to structure the optimization.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem, where we want to arrange h such that when shifted by different k, the overlap with the complement is minimized. So perhaps using a pattern that has a certain periodicity or symmetry could help. For example, maybe a function that's a combination of square waves or pulses with specific spacings.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. The previous code starts with that and then does some guess generation. Maybe instead of starting with the initial_h_values, I should try different initializations that vary the structure of h. For example, using a more structured approach like a periodic function or a combination of different pulse positions.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm could be more effective in exploring the search space. But the problem allows using scipy's optimization functions, so perhaps a combination of different optimization methods could be better.

Another idea: The previous code uses a fixed set of guesses, but perhaps I can generate more diverse initial guesses. For instance, instead of generating pulses for multiple frequencies, maybe varying the duty cycles or using different shapes. Also, maybe using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses that are informed by known lower bounds or optimal structures.

Wait, the current approach uses different functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangles) but maybe there's a better way to construct initial guesses. For example, using a pattern that spreads the 1s as evenly as possible over the interval. Since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s? But that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, think about the problem as an optimization where each point in h has to be between 0 and 1, with the total integral 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap for any shift. This seems like a non-convex optimization problem, which is challenging. So using local optimization methods after good initial guesses could help.

Another thought: The previous approach uses multiple optimization steps, but perhaps the refinement steps can be improved. For example, after getting a good initial guess, applying more aggressive optimization steps with different methods. Also, maybe using a combination of global and local search techniques.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution for some steps. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, so maybe using that more effectively. But the previous code tries it 5 times. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters could help.

Another idea: Maybe using a more efficient way to compute the overlap. The overlap integral is equivalent to the correlation between h and 1 - h. The correlation is calculated as the convolution, and since the integral is over [0, 2], the full mode might be handling it. But perhaps there's a way to compute this more efficiently or in a way that allows for better optimization.

Alternatively, could we model this as a resource allocation problem, where we distribute the 1s in h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This might be similar to scheduling or packing problems, where the positions of the 1s are arranged to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into an optimization strategy? Maybe using patterns where the 1s are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, a periodic function with a certain period that evenly distributes the 1s.

Wait, the previous code uses some functions like pulses and triangles. Maybe trying to use a combination of different shapes with specific parameters. For instance, a triangle wave that has a certain duty cycle, which could spread the 1s more evenly.

Another thought: The problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. So, perhaps for any shift k, the overlap is bounded. To find a function h that ensures that for all k, the overlap is below a certain threshold. This seems similar to a covering problem where we want to avoid overlaps.

But since the problem is continuous, it's hard to find exact patterns. However, perhaps using a function that is a combination of square pulses with certain spacing, but optimized to minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, maybe using a more structured approach, like generating h as a periodic function with multiple harmonics. For example, a Fourier series that approximates a function with certain properties.

But the previous code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe varying the number of points could help. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So stick with 45 points unless necessary.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses initial_h_values, then generates various guess functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangles, and random. Then applies SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them.

An alternative approach could be to use more diverse initial guesses. For example, create different structures like:

- A triangle wave with a specific duty cycle.
- A sine wave with specific frequency and phase.
- A combination of multiple square pulses at different intervals.
- A random permutation of positions where the 1s are spread out.

But how to generate these systematically?

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach where each "gene" is a vector h, and the fitness is the C5 value. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting the best individuals and applying crossover and mutation. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be more complex.

Given that the previous code uses scipy.optimize's functions, perhaps another approach is to use Bayesian optimization or other surrogate methods. But those might require more complex setups.

Another idea: Since the problem is non-convex, maybe using a stochastic optimization method like simulated annealing, which can escape local minima. But scipy's optimize doesn't have a simulated annealing implementation, so that's not directly applicable.

Alternatively, perhaps using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. The previous code already does something similar, but maybe adjusting parameters (like population size, mutation rates, and number of iterations) could lead to better results.

Let me check the parameters in the previous code. For differential evolution, they use popsize=120, maxiter=70, mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8. Maybe increasing maxiter or adjusting the mutation range could help. But the code has a time budget, so increasing these parameters might require reducing other parts.

Another thought: The code's initial guesses include generating pulses and sawtooth/triangle functions. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on different parameters. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of the pulses and sawtooth waves.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach to construct initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over possible parameter values. However, this might not be feasible with the limited time.

Another idea: The current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but perhaps that's a local minimum. Maybe trying to generate initial guesses that are different from the initial setup, such as symmetric patterns or other structures.

Wait, perhaps using a more mathematical approach. The Erdős problem is related to the covering radius or discrepancy, so maybe there's a known structure that is optimal for such a problem. For example, arranging the 1s in h to be as evenly spaced as possible. Since the integral is 1, the average of h is 0.5. So for n_points=45, the total sum is 45/2 = 22.5. So we need to select positions where h is 1 or 0, but maybe with some variation.

Wait, but h can be any function between 0 and 1. Perhaps the optimal h is a step function with certain positions of 1s and 0s. For example, arranging the 1s and 0s in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized. This resembles a binary code with certain correlation properties.

But the problem allows h to be any function, not just binary. So maybe allowing some intermediate values between 0 and 1 could help reduce the maximum overlap.

Another approach: Since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me consider the continuous case first. If I can find a function h(x) that minimizes the maximum of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for all k.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe looking at Fourier analysis, since the convolution (correlation) is involved. The function h(x) and (1 - h(x)) have certain Fourier transforms, and their convolution would relate to the overlap.

But I'm not sure how to use this directly. However, perhaps using orthogonality properties or bounds on Fourier coefficients.

Alternatively, considering the problem in the time domain. Suppose we model h(x) as a set of parameters that can be optimized. For example, in the case of the previous code, using a step function with certain positions and heights.

But the previous code uses a continuous function. However, maybe a better approach is to model h as a binary vector (0s and 1s) with the sum equal to 1. Since in the case of binary functions, the problem becomes similar to placing the 1s in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, in the binary case, the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx would be the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)). If h is binary, then h(x) is 1 in some regions and 0 elsewhere. The overlap would then be the measure of the intersection of h(x) and the shifted (1 - h(x +k)). Which would be the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0.

So, for a binary h, the overlap is the area of the set {x | h(x) = 1 and h(x +k) = 0}. For the binary case, the maximum overlap corresponds to the largest k where this area is maximized.

But how to arrange the binary regions to minimize the maximum such area? This seems similar to a covering problem, where you want to arrange the regions in a way that overlapping with their shifted versions is minimized.

This problem is similar to designing a set of intervals that are optimally spaced. For example, if you have a set of intervals (where h(x) = 1) that are spaced out in a way that their shifted versions (by some k) do not overlap much.

But with the integral constraint, the total measure of the h(x) must be exactly 1. For n_points=45, the average value is 0.5. If h is binary, then half of the points are 1, and half are 0. But since the total is 22.5, maybe with some non-integer counts, but for the binary case, we could have 22 or 23 1s.

But optimizing such a binary h might be easier to handle. However, the original problem allows h to be any function between 0 and 1, so allowing some intermediate values could potentially lead to a better solution.

But perhaps exploring the binary case first could give some insights. Let's consider that. For a binary h, the problem is to choose positions of 1s such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized.

This resembles the problem of creating a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation, which is similar to the concept of a Barker code, but adjusted for the specific integral constraint.

However, in this problem, the shift k can be any real number between 0 and 2, not just integer shifts. So the problem becomes more complex.

But perhaps for the binary case, arranging the 1s in a way that they are as evenly spaced as possible. For example, placing them at positions that are spread out across the interval [0,2].

If I have 22 or 23 ones spread out over the interval, the maximum overlap with shifted versions would be minimized. However, how to calculate this?

Alternatively, for the binary case, the overlap for a shift k is the measure of the set where a 1 is present in h, and a 0 is present in h shifted by k. Which is equal to the measure of the original 1s not overlapping with the shifted 1s. So, it's the measure of the original 1s that do not intersect with the shifted 1s.

So, for a given h, the overlap for shift k is equal to the length of the region where h(x) = 1 and h(x - k) = 0. Which is equivalent to the length of the intersection of the 1s region with the complement of the shifted 1s region.

This can be complex to compute, but perhaps with an optimal placement of 1s, this overlap can be minimized.

In the continuous case, allowing h(x) to be a step function with varying heights could provide more flexibility. For example, instead of binary, we can have some 1s and some 0s, with intermediate values, which might help in reducing the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? The previous code uses a step function (with each h[i] being either 0 or 1, but in the initial_h_values, perhaps the values are not exactly 0 and 1). Wait, the initial_h_values are given, and the code is supposed to generate h as samples over [0,2].

But in any case, the optimization is over the values of h, between 0 and 1, and with the sum equal to 1.

Another idea: To use symmetry in the function. For example, a function that is symmetric around 1.0, meaning h(x) = h(2 -x). This could help in balancing the overlaps when shifted by k and 2-k.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? Adding constraints to enforce symmetry could reduce the search space, but may not always be beneficial.

Alternatively, if the function is periodic, but the interval is [0,2], so a period of 2 would make it symmetric. However, for such a function, the overlap for k and 2 -k might be related.

Overall, I think the key is to find a good initial guess and then perform thorough optimization. The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses, but perhaps there are better ways to generate these.

Another point to consider: the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraint on the sum of h. This is correct, as the integral constraint is enforced. However, the optimization is non-convex, and the SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. So having multiple initial guesses and using different optimization methods (like differential evolution) is a good approach.

But maybe adjusting the parameters of these optimization methods would help. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, using a larger population size, or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea: The current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying with more points could yield a better result, even though it's slower. However, the problem says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. 45 is well under that. But perhaps trying with 60 points might allow for a better optimization.

But the user may want the code to work within 100 seconds, so the number of points affects the time. For example, with 60 points, the number of samples increases, and the time per iteration increases. But maybe the code can handle it.

Wait, the code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. So unless the initial_h_values are not provided, the code uses that. If the problem provides initial_h_values, the code uses that. Otherwise, it needs to generate a starting vector. But the user mentions using the initial_h_values, so it's safe to assume that it's available.

But to make progress, perhaps the code can try different initializations, not just the initial_h_values. For example, generating a more optimal starting guess by using a different pattern.

Another thought: The current code uses many different guess functions and then optimizes them. However, perhaps the initial guesses are not sufficient. Maybe generating more diverse guesses by varying parameters, like different frequencies, duty cycles, or combinations.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach to construct an initial guess. For example, using a function that is based on a sine wave with certain properties.

Alternatively, using a method from the literature. I recall that the Erdős minimum overlap problem has been studied, and certain known constructions are known. For instance, the optimal construction is thought to be a simple periodic function with a specific spacing. However, without specific knowledge, it's hard to use that.

Another approach is to use a checkerboard pattern. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and alternating between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. But this would require more careful design.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game where for each shift k, we want the overlap to be as small as possible. To minimize the worst-case overlap, we can try to make the function h(x) as "spread out" as possible.

In continuous terms, this might correspond to a function h(x) that is uniformly distributed in a certain sense. For example, a function that is a triangle wave that goes from 0 to 1 and back to 0 over the interval. However, such a function would have an integral of 1, since the area under a triangle over [0,2] is 1.

But perhaps modifying the triangle wave to have a different shape. For example, a function that is 1 at certain points and 0 elsewhere, but arranged to minimize overlap.

But how to translate this into code? The previous code uses some such functions as initial guesses, like the sawtooth and triangle waves.

In conclusion, the key steps for improvement might be:

1. Generate more diverse and informed initial guesses, possibly based on known optimal structures or mathematical patterns.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration and exploitation of the search space.
3. Use multiple optimization methods in combination, such as differential evolution followed by local refinement with SLSQP.
4. Explore different values for n_points, possibly increasing it slightly if feasible within the time budget.
5. Implement more efficient or effective optimization strategies, such as using a hybrid approach with global and local search.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code uses a series of guess functions, applies SLSQP, then differential evolution, then refinement. Perhaps the following changes could be made:

- Generate more initial guesses with varying parameters, especially for different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use a different set of initial guesses, such as a combination of different waveforms and random samples.
- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution or allow more parameters to be tuned.
- Implement a more systematic way to generate initial guesses, perhaps using a grid search over parameters of the waveform functions.
- Adjust the optimization method's parameters, such as the number of iterations, mutation rates, etc.

However, the code must be concise and fit within the token limit. Let me think about how to adjust the code.

An alternative approach could be to use a different initial guess, like a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase, or a combination of sine waves. For example, using a function that is a sine wave scaled to have an integral of 1. But this could be complex to generate.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of the initial_h_values and some modifications. For example, perturbing the initial values with random noise, or adding a certain pattern.

Another idea: The current code uses multiple guesses, but perhaps the most effective ones are the sine-like functions. For example, the pulse functions might not be the best, but the triangle or sawtooth waves could be. 

Alternatively, using a function that is a square wave but with a specific duty cycle. However, this might not be the case.

To make the code more robust, I can try to include more varied initial guesses. For example, generating waveforms with different parameters and using them as initial points. Also, perhaps including more random samples.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So the previous code's approach is quite comprehensive, but maybe we can improve it by tweaking the guess generation and optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 10, which may not be optimal. Perhaps trying different frequencies or generating more guesses.

Another possible optimization: The current code generates random guesses, but maybe using a better randomization method, such as generating random positions where the 1s are placed, ensuring the sum is 1.

But with the constraints, this could be complex.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate more diverse guesses.
- Use different optimization methods with tuned parameters.
- Allow for more iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for refinement.
- Ensure that the code is optimized for time, avoiding unnecessary computations.

Now, translate this into code. The previous code uses multiple guesses, but perhaps I can generate more initial guesses, or use different types. Also, adjust the parameters in the optimization steps.

Another idea: For the differential evolution, increase the number of iterations but reduce the population size to save time. Alternatively, use a higher population size with fewer iterations.

But given the time budget, I need to find a balance. Alternatively, use a lower population size but higher iterations.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=120 and maxiter=70. Perhaps reducing popsize to 80 and increasing maxiter to 100 could help, but this depends on the time.

But the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds. So the time must be tracked, and if it exceeds the budget, the code should return early.

Another possible optimization: Use the initial_h_values as the first guess, and then generate more guesses based on that. For example, creating a perturbed version of the initial_h_values.

In the current code, the guesses include the initial_h_values and various generated functions. But perhaps generating more guesses based on the initial_h_values, such as by adding small random perturbations, could help.

However, in code, this might be complex. So perhaps the code should generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the waveform functions.

Now, considering all these thoughts, the code should generate a better set of initial guesses, perhaps including more waveforms with different frequencies and duty cycles, and then apply the optimization methods with adjusted parameters to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random_amp():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.4))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.6))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random_amp())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 170, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 220, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```