<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by optimizing a step function h over [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial configuration. But maybe we can do better by changing the approach.

First, I need to understand what's going on. The function h is a step function with n_points samples, and the integral over the overlap is calculated using convolution. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is very close. So even a small improvement would be significant.

The previous code tried several initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random ones. Then used SLSQP and differential evolution for optimization. Maybe we can improve this by trying different optimization strategies or starting points.

Wait, the problem mentions that using different starting points could prevent local optima. The initial_h_values is provided, but maybe starting with other patterns could help. For example, maybe using a more complex structure, like combining multiple pulses or using a more optimal distribution.

Another thought: the integral is the maximum over all k of the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. This is similar to a convolution. The maximum of the convolution is the value we want to minimize. So, perhaps the problem is similar to a covering problem where the function h needs to be distributed in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

In the original approach, the code used SLSQP and DE, which are local optimization methods. Maybe a global optimization approach would be better, but given the time constraints, perhaps a combination of methods could work. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization technique, like genetic algorithms, or random search with some smart heuristics.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, which is not too long, we need an efficient approach. Let's think about the constraints again: the integral of h must be 1, and h is in [0,1]. The previous code uses a SLSQP with constraints, which is good for local optimization but might get stuck. Maybe we can use more sophisticated optimization steps, like Bayesian optimization, but that might require more complex setup.

Alternatively, maybe a better starting point is needed. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best. For example, perhaps a better initial guess is a more evenly distributed set of samples. Maybe using a pattern that's symmetric or has some periodicity could help.

Wait, the problem mentions that the current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So the previous code's C₅ was 0.381142, which is slightly worse. So the aim is to get it lower. Perhaps by finding a better initial configuration or optimizing more effectively.

Another idea: the maximum convolution value is determined by the worst-case shift. So perhaps the function h should be designed to have overlapping regions with 1 - h as small as possible for all k. This might involve balancing the density of h's peaks and valleys.

Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple segments. For example, using a combination of different duty cycles or varying the intervals where h is 1 or 0. But how to model this?

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as a covering problem: each point x in [0,2] has a value h(x), and when you shift it by k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum overlap, the function h needs to be spread out in such a way that for any shift, the overlap is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with certain symmetry. For example, maybe using a symmetric function h that is periodic or has certain regularities. This could reduce the complexity of the problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a more refined grid. The initial code uses n_points samples. Maybe trying different n_points (like 50, 100, etc.) could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller n_points are preferred for speed. The previous code uses n=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is for n=45. The code in the problem example uses that. Let's think about how to improve the starting points. The initial configuration may not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help.

What if we try using a more optimal initial guess, such as a function that's constructed with multiple pulses or a more balanced distribution? For example, if we can find a configuration where the function h is spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). This is similar to the cross-correlation. So, we want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation value. This problem is similar to the problem of designing a function with minimal cross-correlation with itself, but adjusted here to have integral 1.

In communication theory, this is related to the design of sequences with low autocorrelation, but here it's a bit different. Perhaps techniques from those areas could be useful, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach. For example, start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement this?

Alternatively, considering that the problem is convex? Wait, no. The function to minimize is not convex, so optimization is challenging.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It uses a combination of initial guesses, then runs SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So, generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using different waveforms, different numbers of pulses, varying duty cycles, etc.

But the code already does that. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as more complex patterns, could help. But generating them algorithmically.

Wait, the previous code has a gen_pulses function which generates a pulse-like waveform. Similarly for saw and triangle. Maybe adding more types of functions, such as square waves, or other periodic functions, but with different parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a combination of multiple optimization techniques. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP for refinement and differential evolution for exploration. Maybe we can enhance this by using more advanced optimization strategies, such as using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or other global optimizers.

Wait, the problem states that the previous code uses scipy.optimize's SLSQP and DE. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy, such as Bayesian optimization, which can be more effective in high-dimensional spaces. However, integrating Bayesian optimization into the code might be complex, and given the time budget, it may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and then applying some transformation. For example, maybe splitting the initial function into segments and optimizing each segment's value.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Let's think about how to generate better initial guesses. Maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, using the theory of optimal transportation or some other mathematical model that could guide the initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be reframed as an optimal control problem. For example, finding the function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, subject to the integral constraint. But solving this analytically is challenging.

Another idea: since the integral of h is fixed, the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible. So, maybe the optimal h is a function that is 1 in intervals where the overlap with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to translate this into a numerical algorithm?

Perhaps trying to find a function that is a combination of multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into multiple parts and assigning h(x) to be 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, such that the overlap with any shift is minimized.

This would be a combinatorial problem, but with a large number of possibilities. However, using a combinatorial approach for n_points=45 is not feasible directly.

Alternatively, using a binary approach. Suppose we assign h(x) to be either 0 or 1. Then, the problem becomes selecting a subset of the interval [0, 2] with length 1 (since the integral is 1). However, the overlap for shift k would be the length of the intersection between the selected subset and [0,2 -k], etc. But this is a simplified version of the problem, and the actual problem allows h(x) to take any value between 0 and 1.

But if we can find a binary function that achieves a low C5, that would be great. But the previous code uses step functions, which are piecewise constant with possible values 0 and 1. However, the problem allows h to take values between 0 and 1, so maybe using intermediate values could lead to better results.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with certain parameters. For example, using a function that consists of multiple intervals where h is 1, spaced in such a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized.

But how to determine this spacing? It might require some mathematical analysis.

Alternatively, considering that the shift k can be any real number in [0, 2], but the integral is computed over all possible shifts. However, the code uses the numpy.correlate function with the 'full' mode, which gives the convolution for different shifts. For our problem, the maximum over these shifts is what we want to minimize.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, maybe we can use a gradient-based optimization method that focuses on reducing this maximum. But again, the non-convexity makes it challenging.

Let me think about the previous approach again. It tried various starting guesses and then optimized using SLSQP and DE. Perhaps the DE part was not effective enough, or the parameters for DE need adjustment. For example, using a larger population size for DE could lead to better exploration, but it might be time-consuming. However, the code in the problem example uses popsize=50 and maxiter=50 for DE.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds but not constraints. Wait, the problem has an equality constraint that the sum of h must be n_points/2. So, the previous code uses an equality constraint with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method that can handle constraints more effectively.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a problem with fewer variables. For example, if the function h has some symmetry, such as being periodic or symmetric around certain points. For instance, if the function is symmetric around 1, this could reduce the search space.

But without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, it's hard to impose such symmetries. However, the initial_h_values may have some structure that we can exploit.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts, so maybe the optimal h is designed to have minimal overlap for those shifts. For example, if we can find shifts where the overlap is high and adjust h to reduce that, but this is again a local search problem.

Let me try to think about what the previous code's results show. The current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement would be needed. Perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a better initial guess, or by adjusting the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, start with a different initial configuration. For example, a function that is 1 in intervals of certain lengths, spaced to minimize overlap.

Another idea: trying to use a function that's a sum of rectangular pulses. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into m intervals, and setting h(x) = 1 in certain intervals, ensuring that the total integral is 1. This is similar to the initial guesses in the previous code.

But how to find the optimal spacing and lengths of these intervals? This could be a combinatorial problem, but with many possibilities. However, for a numerical approach, we can use optimization techniques.

For example, suppose we set m intervals where h(x) = 1, each of length l_i, and the total sum of l_i is 1. The positions of these intervals need to be chosen so that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the complement is minimized. But this is a bit abstract.

Alternatively, the problem might benefit from a more systematic approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm where the chromosomes represent the positions and widths of the pulses. But implementing this would require more code and might be time-consuming within the given budget.

Another approach: using the previous code but adjusting the number of iterations and the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of SLSQP and DE iterations, or changing the population size in DE.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement step. For instance, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) with a smaller number of iterations to refine the solution further.

But given the time constraints, I need to focus on a manageable approach that can fit into the 100-second budget.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with initial guesses and tries to improve them. Perhaps there's a way to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, generating initial guesses based on different patterns, such as varying the number of pulses or different duty cycles.

Alternatively, maybe using a random initialization but with some constraints. For example, generating random samples where the sum is adjusted to meet the target.

But the code already has a gen_random function that does this.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using 50 or 60 samples instead of 45. However, the problem states that smaller n_points are preferred for speed, so using 45 might be better.

Alternatively, the code could try different n_points in different runs, but this would complicate the code and may not be feasible within the time.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's DE step can be enhanced. For example, increasing the number of DE iterations or adjusting parameters like mutation rate and recombination.

Let me consider the parameters used in the code:

In the DE step, the code uses popsize=50, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 could allow more exploration, but at the cost of time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, and the DE step is running for 3 iterations, maybe increasing maxiter could help.

Alternatively, using a different mutation strategy.

But again, without knowing the exact optimal parameters, it's hard to say. However, given that the current code's result is slightly worse than the target, perhaps tuning the parameters could help.

Another idea: during the optimization steps, track the best solution found and use it as a starting point for subsequent iterations. The previous code does this, but maybe adding more refinement steps could help.

Wait, the code does multiple refinements using SLSQP with the best solution found so far. This is good, as it allows local optimization around the best found so far.

Alternatively, adding more refinement steps with different optimization methods.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the convolution. This is a maximin problem. Maybe the code can use a penalty method to integrate this objective into the optimization.

But the code already uses the maximum of the convolution as the objective function, so that's already handled.

Another possible improvement: while the code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient, perhaps precomputing all the shifts and calculating the maximum convolution could be optimized. However, this is already done.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution for all possible shifts. The maximum of this is the C5 value. This is correctly computed.

So, the key is to find a good h that minimizes this maximum.

Another thought: the previous code may not be exploring enough different initial guesses. For example, the current code tries a few different types of guesses, but maybe a broader range of patterns could yield better results.

For example, maybe adding more complex initial patterns, such as a combination of pulses with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or other waveforms. However, generating these algorithmically could be challenging.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on Fourier analysis. For example, starting with a function that has low Fourier coefficients, which could lead to lower convolution values. But this is more of a theoretical idea and might be complex to implement.

Another plan: since the previous code uses SLSQP and DE, perhaps using a different optimizer like COBYLA for the refinement steps. However, the previous code already uses SLSQP for refinement.

In conclusion, the previous code uses an initial guess and then tries to optimize with various methods. To improve, perhaps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods.
3. Use more efficient refinement steps.
4. Try different starting points, including mathematical constructions.

For the first point, the code already uses several guess types. Maybe adding more guess types or varying parameters further could help. For example, trying different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles, or more complex waveforms.

For the second point, adjusting the DE parameters to increase the population size or the number of iterations could allow better exploration of the search space.

For the third point, increasing the number of refinement iterations or using a different method for refinement could help.

Now, considering the time constraint, perhaps the previous code's approach can be modified by increasing the number of DE iterations or using a different method for generating initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial_h_values with some perturbations to explore nearby regions.

Another idea: since the previous code's initial guess is the initial_h_values, which is provided, maybe the best approach is to start from that and use more sophisticated optimization steps.

But the previous code already does that. So, perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is not thorough enough. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or using a more aggressive optimization strategy.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run DE with a larger population size and fewer iterations to explore, then use SLSQP to refine the best points.

In the previous code, DE is run three times with 50 iterations each. Maybe increasing that to 100 iterations would allow more exploration, but might take more time.

Another possible change: during the initial guess generation, instead of using a fixed number of guesses, generate a larger number, but with more variation. For example, using more frequency and duty cycle combinations.

But without modifying the code significantly, it's hard to say. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to improve some aspects, such as:

- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Use a different starting point (like the initial_h_values).
- Tune the parameters of the optimization methods.

Given that, let me outline the necessary code changes.

First, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. Maybe the existing initial guesses are not sufficient, so adding more guesses could help.

Another idea: in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 9, and various duty cycles. Maybe using a wider range of frequencies or different patterns.

Also, the code uses a gen_random function that generates random h samples. This could be part of the initial guesses.

Another approach is to try different optimization algorithms. Perhaps using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for some steps.

But given the time, I need to focus on modifying the existing code to get better results.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and then perturb it slightly to create additional initial guesses, which could help escape local minima.

In the previous code, the code starts with the initial_h_values and then adds other guesses. But maybe adding more guesses from the initial_h_values with some modifications could help.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses and then generating other guesses based on it.

But given the time, it's better to modify the existing code to enhance the optimization steps.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP and DE optimizations. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations for SLSQP or DE.

In the previous code, for SLSQP, the options are {'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11}. Maybe increasing maxiter to 500 could allow better convergence, but may take more time.

Another point: the code uses the numpy.correlate function, which might be slow. However, since it's a vectorized operation, it's probably fast enough.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the maximum of the convolution, use the maximum of the convolution for shifts within a certain range. For example, only considering shifts that are within a certain distance, but this might not capture the true maximum.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I can:

1. Increase the number of DE iterations.
2. Add more initial guesses with varied parameters.
3. Ensure that the refinement steps are thorough.
4. Use a better initial guess.

Now, translating this into code.

For example, in the previous code, the DE step runs for 3 iterations, each with 50 iterations. Increasing the number of iterations for DE could help. Also, using a larger population size.

But since the time is limited, maybe increasing the DE iterations and population size.

Alternatively, for the DE step, using a larger maxiter, like 100, and a population size of 100.

Another thing: the code uses a 'ftol' of 1e-11 for SLSQP. This might be too strict, leading to longer computation times. Maybe adjusting this value could help.

But I'm not sure. It's better to make small changes that can be tested within the time constraint.

So, modifying the DE parameters and adding more initial guesses.

Here's a possible plan for the code:

- Keep the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.
- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequency and duty cycles.
- Use a different method for generating random guesses, such as using a more structured approach.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Use more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Let me outline the code adjustments:

- In the gen_pulses and gen_saw functions, add more frequencies or duty cycles.
- For the DE step, increase the maxiter to 100 and population size to 100.
- Add more guesses to the list, such as other waveforms or combinations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

But given the code length limit, it's important to keep the code concise.

So, the final code would build on the previous one, making these adjustments.

Another thought: since the previous code uses a lot of guesses, maybe the code could focus on a subset of them, especially those that are more promising.

But given the time, I'll proceed to implement the code with improvements, ensuring that it's within the token limit.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```