<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and our goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx. The smaller this value, the better.

The previous code used a fixed initial guess and then tried several optimization strategies. It's possible that the initial guess is not optimal, or that the optimization strategies aren't sufficient. Maybe I can use a different initialization, or different optimization techniques.

Let me think about the structure of the problem. The function h has to be a step function with values between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0,2] must be 1. The overlap integral depends on how the function h overlaps with its shifted versions. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need h to be spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with the original is minimized.

Hmm, maybe using a periodic or symmetric structure would help. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, or has some regular pattern. The initial code tried some generated pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe I can try more structured approaches, like using a mixture of different pulse shapes or fractal-like patterns.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal autocorrelation. The Erdős problem is about the minimum maximum overlap, so optimizing for low autocorrelation. In such cases, using Fourier analysis could help. But since we're dealing with step functions and integral constraints, maybe there's a way to model this with Fourier coefficients.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach, given that the previous code used differential evolution. Genetic algorithms might explore the solution space more effectively, especially if combined with local search.

But the previous code already used differential evolution. Let me check the parameters. The initial code used 50 popsize for differential evolution with 60 maxiter. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so I need to balance between the number of iterations and computational cost.

Wait, the previous code's main approach was to generate initial guesses with different pulse and waveform shapes, then optimize using SLSQP and DE, and refine with SLSQP again. But perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses would lead to better solutions.

Another idea: the current initial_h_values is 45 samples. Maybe using a higher number of samples could lead to better solutions, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the user's previous code used n_points=45. Let's check the original problem statement: the user mentions that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred, so maybe 45 is acceptable. But perhaps trying with a different number of samples could help. For example, maybe 30 samples could be sufficient to get a good enough solution.

Wait, but the problem says to return the best solution found, and the initial solution is given as initial_h_values (n=45). Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 60 or 90, could give better results, but that would require changing the n_points. However, the code needs to be efficient since the time budget is 100 seconds. Let me think about the code structure.

The main challenge is to find a way to explore the solution space more thoroughly. The previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe combining different strategies, such as starting with multiple different patterns, and allowing more iterations of optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, scipy doesn't have Bayesian optimization built-in, though there are libraries like scikit-optimize. But the problem states that we can use scipy, numpy, and cvxpy, etc. So maybe not.

Another angle: the integral constraint is that sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, h is a vector of values that sum to a fixed total. The optimization is over these values. Maybe the problem can be framed as a constrained optimization problem, where the variables are the h[i], and the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. But since the maximum is over k, the objective function is non-convex and difficult to optimize.

So perhaps using a local search approach with multiple starting points is better. The previous code uses several initial guesses. Maybe adding more diverse starting points would help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, use a more random approach, but with some structure.

Another thing to consider: the way the overlap integral is computed. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum value over these shifts is what we need to minimize. So, perhaps the problem can be viewed as finding h that has minimal maximum cross-correlation with itself, but shifted.

In signal processing, cross-correlation is used to find similarities between signals. So, our problem is to find a function that, when shifted, has minimal overlap with itself. This is similar to finding a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, but here it's a continuous function and not binary.

Wait, the Erdős problem is related to the minimum maximum overlap. If we can find a function h that has low autocorrelation, then the maximum overlap integral would be small. So perhaps using methods from the construction of sequences with low autocorrelation could help. For example, using a Barker sequence or similar structures. However, these are typically binary sequences, and our problem allows for real values between 0 and 1.

But maybe we can use some of the ideas from low autocorrelation sequences. For instance, arranging the function h to have periodicity or symmetry that reduces overlapping when shifted.

Another approach is to use a centroidal Voronoi tessellation (CVT) or some other distribution of points that spread out the function values. However, I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over h(x) is 1, we can think of h as a density function. To minimize the overlap, we need the density to be spread out in such a way that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with the original.

Maybe using a function that is composed of multiple intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0, but arranged in a way that shifting it by any k in [0, 2] doesn't create overlapping regions. However, since the function is continuous, it's challenging to have perfect non-overlapping, but we can approximate it.

Alternatively, we can model the problem as a partition of the interval [0, 2] into regions where h(x) is 1 or 0, but with some variations. However, the function is a step function, so perhaps the optimal solution is a binary step function. But the user's code allows for any step function, not necessarily binary.

Wait, the problem says that h is a step function. So perhaps the optimal solution can be approximated by a binary step function, but allowing for some variations. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, with the integral constraint.

So, the problem becomes finding a set of intervals where h is 1, and others where it's 0, such that the total length of the 1 intervals is 1 (since integral over [0,2] is 1). Then, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For binary h, this would be the measure of the set where h(x)=1 and h(x +k)=0. So, the overlap integral would be the length of the intersection between the intervals where h is 1 and those where h is 0 when shifted by k. The maximum over k would be the maximum such length.

But for binary h, the maximum overlap would be the maximum of the measures of these intersections. So, the problem reduces to finding a binary partition of [0,2] into intervals of total length 1, such that the maximum overlap when shifted by any k is minimized.

This is a different formulation. So, perhaps the optimal solution is a binary function. However, the previous code allows for h[x] to be any value between 0 and 1. Using a binary function may not be optimal, but perhaps it's a good starting point.

In that case, maybe generating a binary function that has intervals arranged in a pattern that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. For example, using a greedy approach: split the interval into segments such that each segment is as evenly spaced as possible. For instance, placing intervals of length 1/5 each, but spread out. Wait, total length of 1 requires 5 intervals of 0.2 each if the width is 2 units. But how to arrange them to minimize overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, the optimal binary function would be one where the intervals are as spread out as possible. For example, using a periodic pattern with certain spacing between intervals.

But given that the function is on [0,2], and the shift k can be any value in [0,2], the maximum overlap can be calculated. For example, if we have intervals that are spaced such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Let me think of an example. Suppose we have intervals of length 0.2 each, spaced with gaps of 0.2. Then, when shifted by some k, the overlap between the original and shifted intervals could be 0.2*0.2 = 0.04. But I'm not sure. Alternatively, the calculation depends on the exact placement.

This approach may not be straightforward, but maybe generating a binary function with evenly spaced intervals would be a good starting point. For instance, suppose we have 5 intervals of length 0.2 each, spaced out across the 2-unit interval. For example, placing them at positions that are periodically spaced, like 0.4, 0.8, 1.2, 1.6, 2.0. Wait, but that would give a total length of 5*0.2 = 1.0, which meets the integral constraint.

But how to compute the maximum overlap for such a function? For a shift k, the overlap would depend on how much the intervals overlap when shifted. If the intervals are spaced with gaps, then for small shifts k, the overlap may be higher. For example, shifting by 0.1 would cause the interval at 0.4 to overlap with the next interval at 0.8? No, because the interval at 0.4 is from 0.4 to 0.6, the interval at 0.8 is from 0.8 to 1.0. Shifting by 0.1, the original interval at 0.4 would be shifted to 0.4-0.1=0.3 to 0.6-0.1=0.5. So overlapping with the interval at 0.8? No, since the shifted interval ends at 0.5 and the original interval at 0.8 starts at 0.8. There's no overlap. Wait, but maybe there's overlap between adjacent intervals when shifted. For example, shifting by 0.1, the interval at 0.4 would be shifted to 0.3-0.5, and the next interval is 0.8-1.0. No overlap. But if there's a smaller shift, say 0.2, then the shifted interval 0.3-0.5 overlaps with the next interval 0.8-1.0? No, because 0.5 < 0.8. Still no. Wait, perhaps the spacing between intervals is 0.2, so the first interval ends at 0.6, the next starts at 0.8. The gap is 0.2. So shifting by any amount up to 0.2 would not cause overlaps between adjacent intervals. So for this arrangement, the maximum overlap when shifting could be zero? That can't be right. But that would imply that the overlap integral is zero for some shifts, but other shifts might cause overlaps. For example, shifting by 1.0 would shift the intervals to positions that might overlap with others.

Wait, the total length is 1.0, but the interval is [0, 2]. If there are 5 intervals of length 0.2, spread across the 2-unit interval, spaced with 0.2 gaps. For example:

- First interval: 0.0 to 0.2 (length 0.2)
- Gap: 0.2 to 0.4
- Second interval: 0.4 to 0.6
- Gap: 0.6 to 0.8
- Third interval: 0.8 to 1.0
- Gap: 1.0 to 1.2
- Fourth interval: 1.2 to 1.4
- Gap: 1.4 to 1.6
- Fifth interval: 1.6 to 1.8
- Gap: 1.8 to 2.0

Wait, but this totals 5 intervals of 0.2, which is 1.0, and the shifts would be such that the intervals are spread across the length. But then the total length of the intervals is 1.0. However, if we shift by 1.0 (k=1.0), then each interval is shifted to the left by 1.0. So the first interval [0.0, 0.2] becomes [-1.0, -0.8], which is outside the [0, 2] domain. However, since the integral is over [0, 2], perhaps we need to consider how the shifted interval overlaps with [0, 2].

This is getting complicated. Maybe a binary function with evenly distributed intervals can be a good candidate. However, this approach might not be the best, but it's worth trying as an initial guess.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, and the current best is around 0.38, perhaps the optimal solution is not far from that. So the challenge is to find a better solution than the existing one.

Another idea: the code could be modified to use a different optimization method, such as simulated annealing, which can escape local optima. But integrating that into the existing code would require adding more code, and the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. The previous code used initial_h_values, which is 45 samples. Generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more regular pattern, like a series of pulses spaced apart with some regularity.

Another approach: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for these methods, or using a different tolerance. However, the code already has options for ftol and maxiter.

Wait, looking at the code's parameters: for the initial guesses, it uses several methods. For each initial guess, it first runs SLSQP with maxiter 250. Then, uses differential evolution with 60 iterations. Then, a refinement phase with 10 iterations of SLSQP. Maybe increasing these numbers could help, but the budget is tight.

Alternatively, maybe the initial code is not efficient enough. Perhaps combining gradient-based methods with global optimization strategies could be better. For example, using a multi-start approach with random initializations.

Another thought: the previous code uses the initial_h_values directly. Maybe generating a new initial guess that is different from the existing one would help find a better solution. For instance, creating a more balanced initial guess with various patterns.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code has a run function that takes a seed, and then generates initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe adding more initial guess generators could help. For example, generating more complex patterns like a Gaussian-like function, or using a combination of different waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate random initial guesses. The current code uses random, then scales them to sum to target_sum. Maybe using a different distribution, such as a uniform distribution over certain intervals, or a more structured random generation.

Another thing to note: the code uses 45 samples, which is a specific number. Maybe trying a different number of samples could yield a better solution. For example, using 60 samples. But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, the user's previous code used 45, so perhaps 45 is acceptable.

Another idea: the code could use a more sophisticated optimization method. For example, using a Nelder-Mead simplex method for local optimization, or using a hybrid approach combining multiple methods.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe the key is to tune the parameters better. For example, increasing the number of iterations for DE, or using a larger population size.

Alternatively, the code could prioritize the refinement phase by running more iterations. For example, increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another point: the current code's objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function. Therefore, the optimization may get stuck in local minima. To avoid this, using a global optimization method like DE and then refining with local methods is a good approach. However, the previous code might not be exploring enough different starting points.

Perhaps the solution is to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, the current code generates pulses for various frequencies, sawtooth and triangle with different duties, and some random guesses. Maybe adding more variations, such as using waveforms with different frequencies or more complex patterns.

Alternatively, using a combination of structured patterns and random starts to cover the solution space better.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. Each candidate is a step function, and the fitness function is the overlap integral. The genetic algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting those with lower overlap. This could be more effective in exploring the solution space, but it's a bit more complex to implement.

However, given the time constraints and the need for code brevity, perhaps the best bet is to try a few modifications to the existing code. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, or using a different initial guess generator.

Let me think of possible changes to the existing code. The previous code has an initial_h_values, which is 45 samples. Let's assume that this is a good starting point. However, the previous code had an initial C5 bound of 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So, there's room for improvement.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values as a starting point, we can generate several different initial guesses using different patterns, and then optimize each of them. For example, generating a pulse-based initial guess, a triangle wave, a sawtooth, etc., and then optimizing them with SLSQP and DE.

Wait, the previous code already does that. It adds several initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. So maybe the issue is not the initial guess variety but the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, maybe adjusting the differential evolution parameters. For example, increasing the number of maxiter from 60 to 100, or increasing the population size. But this could take more time, so it's a trade-off between exploration and time.

Another thought: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which is correct for computing the cross-correlation over all shifts. But perhaps there's a mistake in the way the integral is computed. For example, the dx is 2.0 / n_points, and the correlation is multiplied by dx. But the code uses np.correlate, which gives the sum over the overlap, and multiplying by dx would give the integral. That part seems correct.

Hmm. Another possibility is that the code uses a rough approximation of the overlap. Maybe a more accurate computation of the integral would improve the results. For example, using numerical integration methods other than np.correlate, but that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is over a shift of k, which can be any value in [0, 2]. However, since the function h is a step function, the integral is piecewise linear and can be computed by analyzing the overlap between intervals.

But the code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. So that part is okay.

Another angle: the maximum overlap integral can be influenced by the specific shifts. Perhaps the current code is not properly accounting for all possible shifts, but given that the code uses mode='full', it should cover all possible shifts. For example, when the function is shifted by k, the correlation would capture that.

So the code's way of computing C5 is correct.

Another thought: the previous code uses several initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, such as a larger number of random starts or more structured patterns, could lead to better results. For example, instead of generating 4 random starts, generate more.

Moreover, the code uses a refinement step with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help. For example, increasing the number of refinement iterations from 10 to 20.

Another idea: perhaps using a combination of different optimization methods for each initial guess. For example, after using DE to find a good candidate, applying more local optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a different method for the local optimization, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which might be more efficient for this problem.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. The Nelder-Mead method is derivative-free and might be more effective for some problems, but it's more computationally intensive.

Another possible change: adjusting the tolerance (ftol) in the optimization methods. Lowering ftol could make the optimization more precise, but it might take longer. However, since the budget is tight, it's a trade-off.

Another thing to consider: the code uses the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses. If the initial_h_values is not optimal, then the code might get stuck in a local minimum. Perhaps generating a new initial guess that is different from the existing one could help find a better solution.

But since the user has provided the initial_h_values, and the code is supposed to use it directly, maybe the initial guess is not the best. However, the task says that if the parent construction exists, use the initial_h_values directly; otherwise, create a different starting vector. So in this case, the code uses the provided initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses.

Overall, the main idea is to further explore the solution space by generating more diverse initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, and possibly increasing the number of iterations. Without having access to the initial_h_values, I can't say for sure, but the existing code already tries several different patterns.

Another approach is to use a ternary search or some other method to optimize the parameters of the different initial guesses. For example, optimizing the frequency and duty cycle of the generated waveforms to find the best configuration.

But again, time is limited. To make progress, I can try modifying the code to use a different initial guess generator, such as using a more complex waveform or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones.

Another idea: the current code generates pulses with specific frequencies and duties. For example, for freq in 3 to 10. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or adding more patterns, such as a combination of different waveforms.

In summary, the key steps would be:

1. Generate a diverse set of initial guesses, including various waveforms and random patterns.
2. Use a combination of global and local optimization methods to refine these guesses.
3. Refine the best candidates with more iterations of local optimization.
4. Adjust parameters to improve convergence and exploration.

Given the code's structure, modifying it to generate more initial guesses, perhaps adding more waveforms or increasing the number of random starts, and adjusting the optimization settings could lead to a better solution.

Now, translating this into code changes. For instance, increasing the number of initial guesses, or changing the way they are generated. For example, adding more pulse frequencies or varying the duty cycles more. Alternatively, generating more random initial guesses.

Another possible change is to replace some of the initial guess generators with different patterns, such as using a more sinusoidal or fractal-based pattern.

But to stay within the code constraints, I'll focus on modifying the initial guess generation and optimization parameters.

For example, in the initial code, the initial_guesses are built by appending several generated pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. I can add more variations, like varying the duty cycles further, or adding more frequencies. Also, increasing the number of random guesses could help.

Alternatively, using a different method to generate the random initial guesses, such as using a uniform distribution and then normalizing, as the code does now.

Another idea is to use the existing initial_h_values as the base and generate variations of it. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly and optimizing those.

However, given the time constraints, I'll proceed to modify the code to generate more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and increase the number of refinement steps.

So, the modified code would include more initial guesses, perhaps more random starts, and a higher number of DE iterations.

Additionally, the previous code's refinement phase uses 10 iterations. Increasing this number could help improve the solution further.

Putting this into code changes, perhaps the following:

- Add more initial guesses by including more frequencies for pulses and different duty cycles.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Use more random starts.

In the previous code, the initial guesses were generated for frequencies 3-10, duties 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8. Extending this to more frequencies, or adding more patterns.

But to keep the code concise, I'll modify the code to add more initial guesses, increase the DE parameters, and increase the refinement steps.

So, the final code would look like the previous one, but with these adjustments. Now, writing the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    initial_guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        initial_guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(6):
        initial_guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in initial_guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```