<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a random restart approach with SLSQP optimization, but maybe there's a better way. The user's strategy suggests using periodic patterns and multi-scale optimization. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated using the correlation between h and 1-h. The goal is to make this maximum as small as possible.

The initial approach used SLSQP with random perturbations, but perhaps I can use a more structured method. The user's strategy mentions using periodic patterns, which might help in creating a function that's balanced in its overlaps. Maybe using a sinusoidal or sawtooth pattern could distribute the overlaps more evenly.

Another idea is to use a constructive approach, like defining h as a combination of blocks with specific shapes. For example, using multiple peaks separated by certain distances. If I can arrange the peaks in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much, that could reduce the maximum integral.

The previous code had a fixed number of points (n_points=280), but maybe trying with a different number of points could help. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking with 280 is okay.

I should consider using gradient-based methods. The earlier code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. But if I can find a way to structure the problem to avoid local minima, that might help. Maybe using a different initial guess or a more sophisticated optimization algorithm.

Wait, the user's strategy suggests using aperiodic overlapping and peak alignment. Maybe instead of randomly perturbing the initial guess, I can create a structured initial function. For instance, starting with a function that has multiple peaks spaced periodically, then optimizing their positions and heights.

Another thought is to use a genetic algorithm or other population-based method, but given the time constraints, that might be too slow. The previous code used a loop with multiple trials, which is a form of random restart. Maybe combining that with a more structured initial guess could be better.

Looking at the code structure, the user's strategy mentions using block configurations. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and defining h as a sum of scaled indicator functions over these blocks. This could allow for more precise control over the overlap integrals.

Let me think about how to model this. If I create blocks where h is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap with shifted versions would depend on the positions of these blocks. By arranging the blocks so that their shifts don't align too much, the maximum overlap could be minimized.

But since the function needs to be a step function with values in [0,1], perhaps using multiple overlapping blocks with varying heights. Maybe using a combination of peaks and valleys.

Alternatively, consider a function that is high in some regions and low in others, such that shifting it doesn't create significant overlaps. For example, a function that has alternating high and low regions, but with a certain periodicity.

Another approach is to use the Fourier transform. Since the problem involves shifts, the correlation is related to the convolution. Maybe analyzing the Fourier components could help in designing h to minimize the maximum correlation.

However, I need to translate this into code. Let's think about the code structure. The initial code used a seed, and tried different perturbations. Maybe I can use a better initial guess, like a sinusoidal function or a more structured pattern.

Wait, the user mentioned using multiple peaks per segment. Let's try creating a function with several peaks spaced periodically. For example, dividing the interval into 5 equal parts and placing peaks in each part. Then optimizing the positions and heights of these peaks.

Alternatively, using a density function that's designed to have low overlap when shifted. For example, a function that's high on [0,0.4], [0.6,1.0], [1.2,1.6], etc., but ensuring that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But how to turn this into a numerical optimization problem? The previous code used a step function with values in [0,1], so maybe using a model where h is a collection of segments with certain heights and positions.

Another idea: since the integral of h must be 1, perhaps using a uniform distribution over certain intervals. For example, if h is 1 for a total length of 1 (since the integral over [0,2] is 1, which is half of the interval), then the function is 1 over length 1 and 0 elsewhere. But this would have large overlaps when shifted by small amounts. So maybe distributing the 1s over multiple regions spaced apart.

However, the previous code used 280 points, so a finer grid. Let me think about the constraints again. The integral is 0.5 * 2 (since dx is 2/n_points, so sum(h) * dx = 1 → sum(h) = n_points / 2). So for n_points=280, sum(h) must be 140.

The current best is C5 ≤ 0.38085, and the previous code's result was 0.381375. The goal is to get lower than that.

Perhaps trying a different initial guess. The previous code used an initial_h_values if available. Maybe generating a structured initial guess based on some pattern.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code used a loop with multiple trials, each time shifting and perturbing the initial guess. Maybe instead of random shifts, I can use a more systematic approach, like gradient-based optimization over a structured initial guess.

Another idea: using a function that's a combination of multiple overlapping blocks, each with a certain height and width. For example, using a sine wave that's scaled and shifted to create a periodic pattern. Then, optimizing the parameters of this sine wave to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a piecewise linear function with specific breakpoints.

But implementing this requires defining the function in terms of parameters that can be optimized. For example, if I model h as a series of peaks with specific amplitudes and positions, I can set up an optimization problem where the parameters are the positions and amplitudes.

But this might be complex. Maybe a simpler approach is better. Let's try modifying the previous code but using a more structured initial guess. Instead of starting with an initial_h_values if available, perhaps create a pattern that has multiple peaks separated by certain distances.

For example, suppose I create a function that is a sequence of triangular pulses. Each pulse has a certain width and height, spaced so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. The total integral would be the sum of the areas of the pulses, which must equal 1.

But how to translate this into code. Let's say I divide the interval [0,2] into N segments. Each segment has a certain height. For example, create a function with peaks every 0.5 units, with varying heights to balance the integral.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. Consider the problem as minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. Since cross-correlation is related to convolution, maybe we can model h as a function where the convolution with itself is minimized at certain lags.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "balanced" as possible in terms of its overlaps. This is similar to the concept of a "difference set" in combinatorics, where certain overlaps are minimized.

But I need to think about how to implement this numerically. Let's consider using a genetic algorithm approach, but with the time constraints, that might be too slow. However, perhaps a local optimization with a better initial guess could outperform the previous code.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code used a for loop with a certain number of trials. Each trial perturbed the initial guess with a shift and added noise. Then it performed SLSQP optimization.

Maybe to improve this, I can use a more structured initial guess. For instance, generate an initial guess based on a known pattern, like a sine wave, which might have better overlap properties. Then optimize from there.

For example, define h as a sine function scaled to fit the integral constraint. However, since h must be a step function, this might not be directly applicable. Alternatively, approximate the sine function with a piecewise constant function (a step function).

So, perhaps creating an initial guess that approximates a sine wave. For example, a sine wave that is 1 at certain points and 0 at others, or a smoothed version, but adjusted to meet the integral requirement.

Alternatively, considering the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap, the optimal h might have certain symmetry properties. For example, being periodic or having certain symmetries that make overlaps uniform.

Another idea: the previous code used the 'full' mode for correlation, which considers all possible lags. However, the maximum overlap might be achieved at certain specific lags. Maybe focusing on those lags could help in constructing h.

For example, if I can ensure that the correlation is minimized at all relevant lags, such as the ones that are most likely to produce high overlaps. But how to determine which lags are important?

Alternatively, since the function is over [0,2], the maximum shift that could cause overlap is up to 2 units. However, the correlation at lags larger than the interval's length might not contribute, but it's better to consider all lags.

But how to model this. Let's think about the code again. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which gives the correlation for all possible lags. The maximum of this is C5.

So, the goal is to make the maximum of this correlation as small as possible.

Perhaps a way to reduce this maximum is to spread out the 1s in h so that when shifted, they don't align with the 0.5s or other regions.

Let me think about how to construct such a function. If h(x) is a set of points where it's 1 for certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it by certain amounts would cause overlaps. If these intervals are spread out such that their shifts don't overlap too much, then the maximum overlap can be reduced.

For example, suppose h(x) is 1 over 5 disjoint intervals of length 0.2 each, spaced evenly across [0,2]. The total length would be 1, which satisfies the integral condition. However, if you shift h by 0.4, then the intervals could overlap. The overlap in this case would depend on the spacing between the intervals.

But this is just one approach. However, how to determine the optimal spacing and number of intervals.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach, the problem is similar to finding a function h with certain properties that minimize the maximum correlation. This is a challenging problem, and perhaps there are known results or techniques from signal processing or information theory that can be applied.

But since I need to implement a solution, perhaps the best way is to generate a structured initial guess, then perform local optimization.

Another idea is to use a function that is high in certain regions and low in others, with a certain period, such that when shifted by that period, the overlaps are minimized. For example, a function with period 0.5, but I need to ensure that the integral over each period is 0.2, so that over the entire interval [0,2], the integral is 1.

But how to structure this. Suppose I define h as a periodic function with period 0.5, then over [0,2], it would repeat four times. Each period could have a certain shape that balances the overlap.

Alternatively, using a combination of square waves with different frequencies. But again, how to translate this into code.

Let me consider implementing a structured initial guess. For example, creating a function that has multiple pulses with certain amplitudes and positions. For example, if the initial guess is a set of evenly spaced pulses, each of height 1.0, with spacing such that the total integral is 1.0. Then, optimize their positions and heights.

But how to do that in code. Let's say I generate the initial guess by placing 10 pulses evenly spaced in [0,2], each of length 0.1 (so area 0.1 for each pulse, total area 1.0). Then, the initial h would be 1.0 in those intervals, 0 elsewhere. But this might not be the best, as the overlaps when shifted could be large.

However, if I optimize the spacing and the shape of the pulses, perhaps it can lead to better results. But since the function must be a step function, perhaps using a more complex structure.

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach, like Monte Carlo optimization, but again, with time constraints, it's better to use deterministic methods.

Another approach is to use a grid search over possible parameters. For example, trying different numbers of blocks, their positions, and heights, then selecting the best one. But this would be too slow for large numbers of points.

Considering the code's time budget, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's method but with more structured initial guesses and better optimization settings.

Wait, in the previous code, the optimization used SLSQP with a certain number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could lead to better results. But given the time constraints, that's not the best use of resources.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization, but these are typically slower and may not be suitable for the time budget.

Another thought: the previous code used mode='full' for the correlation, which includes all lags. However, the maximum overlap might be achieved at specific lags, such as small shifts. Perhaps modifying the correlation calculation to focus on those lags. For example, using a sliding window around the most probable lags and optimizing accordingly.

Alternatively, in the code, instead of calculating the entire correlation, focus on the lags that are most likely to be large. For example, lags between 0.5 and 1.0. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, precompute the lags that are most problematic and use them in the optimization objective. But I need to think about how to implement this.

Another idea: the correlation at lag k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equal to ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 0.5, the overlap integral is 0.5 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing this would correspond to minimizing ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, the problem can be rephrased as finding h that minimizes the maximum value of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over all k. Wait, no: the original C5 is max_k ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 0.5, then ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx = 0.5 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. So, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over all k. This might be a different perspective, but I'm not sure how to use this.

Alternatively, maybe this can be framed as finding a function h that has low autocorrelation. The problem is related to finding a function with low autocorrelation, which is a known problem in signal processing. Perhaps using techniques from that area could help.

In signal processing, a common approach is to use a function with large zero crossings to minimize autocorrelation. However, since the function must be a step function and have a fixed integral, it's challenging.

Another idea: using a function that is similar to a window function, such as a Hamming window or a Kaiser-Bessel window, which are designed to have low autocorrelation. However, these are continuous functions, and approximating them as step functions could help.

But again, how to implement this. Perhaps generating an initial guess based on such a window and then optimizing it.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's method, but with a more structured initial guess and possibly a different optimization strategy.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code used a random perturbation approach. Maybe instead of adding random noise, I can use a more structured perturbation, like shifting the function in a specific way.

For example, starting with a function that has multiple peaks, then shifting the peaks to different positions to spread them out.

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of several points where h is 1, arranged in such a way that any shift doesn't cause too much overlap.

But how to translate this into code. Let's say I create an initial guess with 50 points where h is 1.0, spaced evenly. Then, the sum would be 50, which is less than the required 140 for n_points=280. Wait, no: sum(h) must be 140. For 280 points, the sum is 140. So if I have 140 points set to 1.0, the rest 140 are 0.0. This is a very basic initial guess, which might not be good, as shifting it would cause overlaps.

But this could be a starting point. Alternatively, using a more balanced approach, like setting some points to 1.0 and others to 0.5, to spread out the integral.

But how to generate such an initial guess. Perhaps using a random selection of points to set to 1.0, ensuring that the integral is satisfied. However, this is a random approach, similar to the previous code.

Another thought: the previous code's initial guess was based on 'initial_h_values' if available. Since the user says to use that if available, I need to make sure that it is used directly. If no initial_h_values are available, create a different starting vector.

In the previous code, the initial guess was np.full(n_points, 0.5), which is a flat function. But this might not be the best starting point. Maybe using a more structured initial guess would help.

Perhaps creating a function with a known pattern, such as a periodic function, and then optimizing from there. For example, using a sine wave that is scaled and shifted to fit the integral requirement.

Let me try to code this. Suppose I create a function that is a sine wave scaled between 0 and 1. For example, h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(2πx / T), where T is the period. This function would have an integral over [0,2] of 0.5 * 2 = 1, which satisfies the requirement. Then, the correlation with 1 - h(x) would depend on T. Choosing T such that the overlap is minimized.

But this is a continuous function, and the previous problem requires a step function. However, maybe approximating it with a step function could be a good starting point.

Alternatively, using a triangular wave or a square wave, but again, converting them into step functions.

But how to implement this. For example, a square wave that alternates between 0 and 1 with a certain period. If the period is such that the function has 1s over certain intervals, the correlation could be minimized.

For example, if the square wave has a period of 0.5 and is high for 0.25 units, then over [0,2], it would have 4 such intervals, totaling 1 unit of length. This would satisfy the integral constraint. Then, optimizing the period and intensity of the wave.

But this might not be the best approach, but it's a way to start.

Another idea is to use the previous code's approach but with a better initial guess. For example, using a function with multiple peaks spaced in a way that their shifts don't cause overlaps. For instance, placing the peaks at positions where their shifts would not overlap.

But how to do this. Let's say the function has a peak at x=0.5, 1.5, 0.5+delta, etc., but this requires careful positioning.

Overall, the challenge is to find an effective way to structure the initial guess to help the optimization process avoid local minima and find a good solution.

In the end, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code's method, but with a more structured initial guess and possibly different optimization parameters. However, given the time constraints, I need to implement this efficiently.

So, in the code, I'll start by using the initial_h_values if available. Then, generate a few structured initial guesses, such as a sine wave approximation or a periodic pattern, and perform optimization from there.

Alternatively, since the previous code used a random restart approach, I can enhance it by using a more informed restart strategy, such as starting from multiple structured patterns.

But given that the code has to be within 100s, and the previous code used 25 trials, perhaps increasing the number of trials or using a different initial guess structure could help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, start with an initial guess, compute the maximum overlap, then adjust parts of the function to reduce it.

But this would require a more sophisticated algorithm and might not be efficient enough.

In conclusion, the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a better initial guess and possibly different optimization parameters. Let me proceed with coding this, starting with the initial_h_values, then applying some transformations to generate a better initial guess, and then performing the optimization as before.

For example, maybe creating an initial guess that is a periodic pattern with a certain period, and then optimizing that.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    start_time = time.time()
    n_points = 280
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 2

    # Use initial_h_values if available
    initial_h = np.array(initial_h_values).copy() if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    initial_h = np.clip(initial_h, 0, 1)
    initial_h = initial_h * (integral_target / np.sum(initial_h))

    def objective(h):
        h_clip = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
        corr = np.correlate(h_clip, 1 - h_clip, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    constraints = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - integral_target}]

    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    trials = 15
    for t in range(trials):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 1:
            break
        np.random.seed(seed + t)
        # Apply structured perturbations instead of random
        h_start = initial_h.copy()
        # Create a sine wave pattern
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        sine = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * x / 0.5)
        sine_scaled = sine * (integral_target / np.sum(sine))
        h_start = np.clip(h_start * 0.6 + sine_scaled * 0.4, 0, 1)
        # Add small perturbation
        h_start += np.random.normal(0, 0.015, n_points)
        h_start = np.clip(h_start, 0, 1)
        sum_start = np.sum(h_start)
        if sum_start > 0:
            h_start *= (integral_target / sum_start)
        try:
            result = minimize(objective, h_start, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=constraints, options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
            if result.success:
                current_c5 = result.fun
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = result.x
        except:
            pass

    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed > budget_s:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```