<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for C₅, the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get it lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses a random search with SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

The strategy mentioned using wavelet-based approaches. Wavelets can decompose the function into different scales, which might help in controlling the autocorrelation. But how to implement that efficiently within the time constraints?

First, I need to generate a good initial guess. The initial_h_values is given, so I should use that as the starting point. But maybe I can improve it by applying some transformations. For example, using a low-pass filter or adjusting the wavelet coefficients.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with random restarts. Maybe instead of random restarts, I could use a more structured approach. Let's think about the objective function: we need to minimize the maximum of the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. So the main idea is to make h(x) such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself.

Another thought: maybe using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. For example, if h(x) is 0.5 on certain intervals and 0 or 1 elsewhere, but that might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a function with multiple high and low regions spaced out to minimize overlap.

But with the given constraints, how to optimize that? The previous code used scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP, but it might be too slow or get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization, but those might be slower.

Wait, the problem requires the code to run within 100 seconds. So the code needs to be efficient. Let's see. The previous code tried 25 trials, each with a random perturbation. Maybe instead of random starts, use a more informed approach. For example, using the initial guess and then applying some gradient-based optimization steps.

Alternatively, maybe using a coordinate descent approach, where each point is adjusted to minimize the overlap. Or maybe using the initial guess and then applying a greedy algorithm to adjust points where the overlap is high.

Another idea: since the correlation involves shifts, perhaps the optimal h(x) has certain periodicity. For example, if h(x) has a period of 2, then shifting by 1 would be similar to negating it. But I'm not sure.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over different shifts. So, the worst-case shift k. To make sure that all shifts are minimized, maybe the function h(x) should be as spread out as possible. For instance, using a function that is high in some intervals and low in others, ensuring that shifting doesn't cause a lot of overlap.

But how to model that? Maybe using a function with multiple "spikes" spaced out. For example, a piecewise function with high values at certain points and low between them. But with the constraint that the integral is 1.

Alternatively, think in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integral is related to the Fourier transform of h(x) multiplied by the Fourier transform of (1-h(x+k)). The maximum value of these integrals over k would depend on the frequency components. Maybe minimizing the highest frequency components could help.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? It's not straightforward.

Back to the code. The previous code used the initial_h_values, which is 280 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user said to prefer smaller sequences. So maybe keeping 280 points is better, but perhaps using a different optimization strategy.

Another approach: instead of using random perturbations, use a gradient-based optimizer. However, the objective function is non-smooth due to the max operation, which complicates things. Maybe approximate the max with a smooth function?

Alternatively, use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be the best starting point. Let's check what that looks like. The previous code had an initial_h_values, which they used as a starting point.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_h_values is used, but the code then scales it to meet the integral constraint. Maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but we can adjust it further.

Also, in the previous code, they use 25 trials with random shifts and noise. Maybe that's too brute-force. Perhaps using a more systematic approach, like using simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization. But how to implement that within the time budget?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, we can try to minimize each correlation integral individually. For example, for each shift k, the integral is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Maybe we can approximate this as a sum over the discrete points, then try to minimize the maximum of all these sums.

But even so, with 280 points, there are 2*280-1 shifts. That's a lot of terms. However, the max over these would be the value we need to minimize.

So, perhaps using an optimization approach that minimizes the maximum of all these terms, which is equivalent to the original problem.

But how to compute that efficiently? The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the shifts from -n_points+1 to n_points-1. Then taking the max of those.

Maybe instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, we can use a global optimization method. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a combination of methods could work.

Alternatively, use a more efficient gradient-based optimization. For example, use the initial guess and perform a few iterations of coordinate descent, adjusting each h[i] to reduce the maximum correlation.

But the challenge is that the objective function is non-convex and has many local minima. So even with gradient descent, it might get stuck in a local minimum.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and apply a filter to smooth out the function. For example, applying a low-pass filter to reduce high-frequency components that might contribute to high correlations.

Wait, but the function h(x) needs to have integral 1. So if we smooth it, we might need to adjust the integral back.

Alternatively, use a more structured approach. For example, model h(x) as a sum of basis functions. For instance, using a set of basis functions that are designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a set of orthogonal functions or something similar.

But again, how to implement that in code?

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code runs with 25 trials, each with a different initial guess. Maybe that's too slow. What's the time for each trial? If the code runs for 100 seconds, and each trial takes a few seconds, then 25 trials would fit.

Alternatively, maybe reduce the number of trials and increase the optimization steps per trial. For example, do fewer trials but more iterations in each trial.

Another thing is the choice of optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential least squares programming method. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, which can handle bounds more efficiently, or BFGS with constraints.

Wait, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed and each h[i] is between 0 and 1. So for the optimization, the constraints are simple. Maybe changing the optimization method to a more robust one could help avoid getting stuck in local minima.

Also, the initial guess is important. The current code uses the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. However, maybe the initial_h_values is not the best, and a better initial guess can be constructed.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as a base and then perturb it in a more informed way. For example, applying a wavelet transform to the initial guess, modifying some coefficients, and then inverse transforming to get a new h(x). That could be a way to explore different structures while maintaining the integral constraint.

But how to implement that in code? Let's think. The initial_h_values is a numpy array. Then, perform a wavelet transform (like DWT), modify some coefficients, then inverse transform. But need to ensure that the resulting h(x) is within [0,1] and has the correct integral.

But implementing wavelet transforms in Python would require some libraries. Scipy has the pywt module for wavelet transforms. Maybe that's possible.

So, here's an idea: use the initial_h_values, perform a wavelet transform, then optimize the coefficients of the wavelet to minimize the C5 value. This could help in finding a more optimal structure.

But how to do that? Let's outline the steps.

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Apply a wavelet transform to decompose h into coefficients.

3. Optimize the coefficients (maybe keeping some coefficients fixed and varying others) to minimize the C5 value.

4. After optimization, reconstruct the h(x) from the wavelet coefficients, clip to [0,1], and ensure the integral is correct.

But there might be complexities. For example, the wavelet transform could have multiple levels, and the number of coefficients to optimize could be large. However, with a budget of 100 seconds, maybe keeping it simple.

Alternatively, use only one level of decomposition. For example, using a Daubechies wavelet (db4) for decomposition. Then, the coefficients can be adjusted.

But how to integrate this into the optimization code? Let's see. The wavelet transform of h would give a set of coefficients. Each coefficient represents a certain frequency component. By optimizing these coefficients, we can adjust the function h(x) to have better overlap properties.

Moreover, the integral of h(x) must remain 1, which could be maintained by adjusting the coefficients, as the wavelet transform is linear.

But how to ensure that after inverse transform, the h(x) is within [0,1]? That could be tricky. So after reconstruction, we need to clip the values to [0,1] and adjust the integral if needed.

This approach could potentially lead to better solutions by leveraging wavelet structures. Let's try to outline the code changes needed.

First, import the wavelet library. Then, apply the wavelet transform on the initial_h_values. Then, optimize the coefficients.

But how to set up the optimization problem? The new h(x) is a function of the wavelet coefficients. The objective is to minimize the max correlation, which can be computed as before.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Perform a wavelet decomposition (e.g., using pywt.wavedec).

- Optimize the wavelet coefficients (maybe only some of them) to minimize the C5 value.

- Reconstruct the h(x) from the optimized coefficients.

- Clip the values to [0,1], adjust the integral to meet the target.

But how to handle the optimization of the coefficients? This requires setting up the objective function in terms of the wavelet coefficients, which might be complex. However, since the wavelet transform is invertible, and the integral is linear, it's possible.

Another challenge is the time. If the wavelet-based optimization is more efficient than the previous random restarts, it might be better. However, the code needs to fit within the time budget.

An alternative is to use a combination of the initial approach and wavelet components. For example, use the previous random restarts but with a more informed initial guess generated by wavelet transforms.

But perhaps the key is to start with the initial_h_values and perform a few optimization steps with a more efficient method. Let me think.

In the previous code, each trial starts with a perturbed version of the initial_h_values. Maybe instead of random perturbations, use a gradient-based approach on the initial_h_values. But since the objective function is non-smooth, gradients might not be reliable. However, if we approximate the correlation as a smooth function, maybe we can proceed.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and applying a smoothing filter (like a moving average) to reduce oscillations, which may lower the maximum correlation.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal h(x), it's hard to tell. Maybe the initial approach can be improved by using a better optimization method.

Let me consider the parameters. The previous code used 25 trials with 500 iterations each. Maybe reducing the number of trials and increasing the iterations per trial could help, but that depends on the optimization.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different optimizer like 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' which are more suited for bound-constrained problems. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' might be faster.

But the constraints require the sum of h to be fixed. How to handle that? Well, the 'L-BFGS-B' method can handle simple constraints, but in this case, the constraint is an equality. So, the optimization needs to adjust the variables such that the sum is fixed. This could be done by performing a projection after each step. Alternatively, adding a constraint to the optimization problem.

Wait, the previous code uses a constraint to ensure that the sum of h equals the target. So, the constraints are set as {'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - integral_target}.

Maybe using a different optimization method with better convergence properties could help. For example, using 'SLSQP' with better settings.

Another thing to consider: the previous code allows for a large number of iterations (500), but the convergence might not be sufficient. Maybe reducing the number of iterations per trial and increasing the number of trials. However, the code already does 25 trials, which may not be enough.

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with different initializations based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values in different ways (such as flipping certain regions or applying a phase shift) and then optimizing each.

In any case, the key is to find a way to explore the solution space more effectively than the previous approach. So, the code needs to be structured to do that.

Now, let's think about the code that needs to be written. The function run(seed, budget_s) should return the best solution found within the time.

Given the constraints, the code must be efficient. So, any approach that is too computationally intensive would exceed the time budget.

Another idea: since the overlap is computed as the max over shifts, maybe we can approximate this by focusing on the most problematic shifts. For example, check the shifts that are likely to contribute the most to the maximum, and optimize for those.

But determining which shifts are most critical could be challenging.

Alternatively, use a heuristic to adjust the h function directly. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust the h function to reduce that overlap.

But this is an iterative approach and would need multiple iterations.

But how to implement this in code? Let me think. For example, in each iteration, compute the current C5 value, find the shift that gives the maximum overlap, then adjust h(x) to minimize that specific overlap. However, this could get stuck in local minima.

But given the time constraints, this might be manageable. The code could use a few iterations of this approach.

But integrating this into the code would require modifying the previous approach.

Alternatively, use a combination of the initial approach and some heuristic adjustments.

Considering all this, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by using a more efficient optimizer and better initializations.

Let me try to adjust the previous code. For example, instead of using 25 trials, use fewer trials but with more iterations. Or use a different optimization method.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guess is modified by shifting and adding noise. Maybe instead of random shifts, use a more systematic way to generate new initial guesses, like applying a wavelet transform or other transformation.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the initial guess and perform a single optimization run with a more effective method.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the correlation for all shifts. However, this might be computationally expensive for large n_points. But with n_points=280, it's manageable.

Another optimization idea: precompute all required shifts for the correlation and store them, then during optimization, compute the maximum of these values. But this is already what the code is doing.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method and the initial guess.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code uses minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a better initial guess would help. Let's see. What if we use the initial_h_values without any modifications? Could that be a good starting point? Or maybe it's better to perturb it slightly.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess, like a piecewise constant function that is spread out.

But given that the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, we must use that.

So, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

2. Scale it to meet the integral constraint.

3. Perform an optimization run using a better method (like SLSQP with more parameters) to minimize the objective function.

But how to make this more effective.

Another change: since the previous code uses 500 iterations per trial, perhaps reduce that to 200 or 300 and increase the number of trials. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, use a single trial with more iterations. For example, run one trial with a high number of iterations, which could possibly find a better solution.

But this depends on the optimization's progress.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use the initial guess and perform a search in the direction of reducing the maximum correlation. For example, compute the gradient of the objective function with respect to h and take steps in the negative gradient direction.

But the problem is the non-smoothness of the max function. However, if we approximate the maximum correlation with a smoother function (like the average), the gradient could be computed.

But this is getting complicated. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method and possibly reduce the number of trials but increase the iterations.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess by applying a wavelet transform to the initial_h_values and then optimizing the coefficients.

But implementing wavelet transforms might take time, especially with the code structure. Let's consider that.

First, I need to import the pywt library. Then, perform the wavelet decomposition. For example, using 'db4' wavelet for decomposition. Let's say we do one level of decomposition.

Then, the coefficients of the wavelet decomposition include the approximation coefficients and detail coefficients. We can then allow optimization of the detail coefficients, while keeping the approximation coefficients fixed, or vice versa.

But how to proceed. For example:

- Decompose the initial_h_values into wavelet coefficients.

- Optimize a subset of these coefficients (perhaps the detail coefficients) to minimize the C5 value.

- Reconstruct the h(x) from the optimized coefficients.

- Clip to [0,1] and normalize to ensure sum is correct.

This would involve setting up the objective function in terms of the wavelet coefficients. However, the code would need to handle this.

But given the time constraints, this might be too involved. Perhaps a simpler approach is better.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and apply a low-pass filter to it. For example, using a moving average filter. This would smooth the function, potentially reducing the maximum overlap. Then, scale it to meet the integral constraint.

But how to implement that. For example:

filtered_h = np.convolve(initial_h_values, np.ones(10)/10, mode='same')

But this would spread the values, which might reduce the maximum overlap. However, this is just a heuristic.

But integrating this into the code would require some steps. However, the code needs to return the best solution found, so this could be one of the initial steps.

But without knowing how it would affect the C5 value, it's hard to say. But perhaps trying this approach could lead to a better solution.

Overall, given the time, it's best to proceed with modifying the previous code to use a more efficient optimization method and better initial guesses. So, here's my plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate a few initial guesses by applying small perturbations and smoothing.

- Run the optimization for each initial guess with a higher number of iterations.

- Use a more efficient optimization method like SLSQP with better parameter settings.

Additionally, to reduce the time spent on optimization, maybe reduce the number of trials and focus on the most promising ones.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and perform a single optimization run with a higher number of iterations, as this might find a better solution than multiple trials with fewer iterations.

In the previous code, the user had 25 trials. Maybe reducing that to 5-10 trials with more iterations per trial would be better.

But this is just one possibility.

Finally, the code should be structured to return the best solution found within the time budget. So, in the code, track the best solution across all trials and return it.

So, the code would look similar to the previous one but with some modifications to the optimization method, number of trials, and initial guess.

Now, putting it all together. Let me write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    start = time.time()
    n_points = 280
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    integral_target = n_points / 2

    h_initial = initial_h_values.copy() if 'initial_h_values' in globals() else np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    h_initial = np.clip(h_initial, 0, 1)
    h_initial = h_initial * (integral_target / np.sum(h_initial))

    def obj(x):
        h_clipped = np.clip(x, 0, 1)
        corr = correlate(h_clipped, 1 - h_clipped, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    cons = [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: np.sum(x) - integral_target}]

    best_h = h_initial.copy()
    best_c5 = float('inf')

    trials = 10
    for t in range(trials):
        if time.time() - start > budget_s - 1:
            break
        np.random.seed(seed + t)
        h_start = h_initial.copy()
        shift = np.random.uniform(-n_points // 2, n_points // 2)
        h_start = np.roll(h_start, int(shift))
        noise = np.random.normal(0, 0.015, n_points)
        h_start += noise
        h_start = np.clip(h_start, 0, 1)
        if np.sum(h_start) > 0:
            h_start *= (integral_target / np.sum(h_start))
        try:
            res = minimize(obj, h_start, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-6})
            if res.success:
                current_c5 = res.fun
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = res.x
        except:
            pass

    elapsed = time.time() - start
    if elapsed > budget_s:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```