<think>
Okay, so I need to come up with a new approach to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current strategies mentioned are gradient descent and simulated annealing, but I need to propose something materially different. Let me think about what's missing or what could be better.

The problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. The challenge is that the objective function is non-convex and involves maximizing over different lags, which makes it tricky. Previous approaches tried gradient-based methods or stochastic search, but maybe there's a way to decompose the problem or use a different optimization technique.

Hmm, what if I consider the problem as a game between two players? One tries to minimize the overlap, and the other tries to maximize it. Maybe using a game-theoretic approach like minimax optimization? But how to translate that into an algorithm?

Alternatively, maybe I can use a convex relaxation. The original problem is non-convex because of the max over different lags and the product terms. But if I can approximate it with a convex problem, that might be easier to solve. For example, using a semidefinite programming relaxation or other convex approximations. But I need to ensure that the solution can be mapped back to the original non-convex problem.

Wait, another thought: the problem's constraints involve the integral of h being 1, and h being between 0 and 1. Maybe I can model this as a quadratic program or a more structured optimization problem. For example, the overlap integral for a lag k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx, which is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of these overlaps is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation terms. Wait, but the original C₅ is the maximum of these integrals. So the problem becomes finding h that minimizes the maximum of (1 - cross-correlation), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. Hmm, maybe this reframing helps?

But even so, the cross-correlation is a non-linear term, making the problem non-convex. However, maybe I can use a surrogate function that's convex or use a different optimization technique like alternating minimization. 

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. In coding theory, there are techniques for minimizing maximum cross-correlation. Maybe I can adapt those methods here. For example, using a greedy algorithm that iteratively adjusts the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

But the current problem has continuous values (h(x) in [0,1]), not binary. So perhaps using a method that iteratively refines the function's shape. For instance, using a filter or a basis expansion to represent h and then optimizing the coefficients. But how to ensure the integral constraint is met?

Also, considering the time budget, trying to use a solver like CVXPY might be feasible, but the problem's non-convexity might make it challenging. But maybe by using a convex relaxation, I can find a solution that's close to the true minimum. 

Let me think about the constraints. The integral of h is 1, and h ∈ [0,1]. The main constraint is the sum of h equals n_points / 2. Each iteration needs to maintain this sum. Also, the overlap integral is a max over different lags, which complicates things. 

Perhaps breaking the problem into smaller parts. For example, for each possible lag k, the overlap integral is a certain value. To minimize the maximum of these values, we need to ensure that for all k, the overlap is as small as possible. This seems like a problem where we can use a Lagrange multiplier approach to balance the objectives, but I'm not sure how to apply it here.

Wait, perhaps I can use a coordinate descent approach. For each sample point of h, adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to determine which points to adjust and how much? This seems similar to gradient descent, but maybe with a different update rule.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a branch-and-bound approach, but with a large number of variables and possible lags, this would be computationally infeasible.

Alternatively, since the problem is about discrete samples, maybe I can model it as a combinatorial optimization problem. For example, using genetic algorithms, where the population consists of different h functions, and we evolve them by mutation and crossover. But this might be too slow given the time budget.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the goal is to improve it to 0.3807. The previous strategies used gradient descent and simulated annealing. Maybe a hybrid approach combining multiple techniques would work better. For example, using a gradient-based method with a global search step to avoid local optima.

But the user wants a materially different approach. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach? Since the integral involves cross-correlation, which is related to Fourier transforms. The maximum overlap could be related to the maximum value of the Fourier transform or its magnitude. But I'm not sure how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using the fact that the optimal h function would have certain symmetry properties. For example, if h(x) is periodic or has a specific shape that minimizes overlaps. If I can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain periodicity or structure, then the optimization becomes more manageable.

Another thought: the problem resembles the de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial objects with minimal autocorrelation. However, these are often binary sequences. Maybe extending those ideas to continuous functions with values in [0,1].

Alternatively, consider the problem as a graph where each node represents a possible h configuration, and edges represent perturbations. Then, finding the minimal C₅ would be finding the shortest path to a low C₅ configuration. But again, this is too abstract and not directly helpful.

Wait, maybe I can use a probabilistic model. For example, treating h as a probability distribution over the interval [0,2], and then using a Bayesian approach to find the distribution that minimizes the maximum overlap. However, this is getting into more complex territory and might not be feasible with the given time constraints.

Let me go back to the mathematical formulation. The overlap for a lag k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let me expand this:

∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx.

So minimizing the maximum of these overlaps is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation terms ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over all k. So the problem reduces to finding h such that the minimum cross-correlation across all lags is as large as possible. This might be easier to handle if we can find a way to maximize the minimum cross-correlation.

But again, this is a non-convex optimization problem. Maybe using a convex optimization framework with a specific relaxation. For example, using a convex relaxation of the cross-correlation terms. If I can find a way to approximate the cross-correlation with a convex function, then I could use a solver that handles convex problems.

Another idea: use a method based on the Chebyshev inequality. By enforcing certain bounds on the cross-correlation, we can derive constraints that guide the optimization. But I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Wait, here's a thought. The problem involves minimizing the maximum of a set of non-linear functions. This resembles a minimax problem. Maybe using a duality approach where I find the optimal h and the Lagrange multipliers that balance the constraints. However, solving such a problem requires advanced mathematical techniques and might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, consider that the overlap for each lag k is related to the inner product between h and a shifted version of itself. If I can model the problem as an inner product minimization problem, maybe I can use techniques from linear algebra to find an optimal solution. But again, the non-convexity complicates this.

Taking a step back, maybe the most feasible approach is to use a combination of the initial construction and a tailored optimization method. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and applying a local search with some global exploratory steps. 

Wait, the previous strategies tried gradient descent and simulated annealing. Maybe another approach is to use a combination of randomization and local optimization. For example, generate a set of candidate functions by applying random perturbations to the initial solution, then use a local optimizer to refine each candidate. This stochastic local search approach could potentially find better solutions by escaping local optima.

But how to implement this efficiently within the time budget? The key would be to limit the number of random perturbations and quickly refine each candidate. Also, ensuring that each candidate maintains the constraints (sum of h is n_points/2, and h values between 0 and 1).

Another angle: the problem's integral constraint is only on the sum of h, not on individual points. So maybe I can model this as a resource allocation problem where I distribute the "integral" (sum) across the samples, with each sample's value between 0 and 1. The goal is to allocate this resource in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap for any lag.

This sounds like a fractional knapsack problem, but with multiple constraints. However, it's not clear how to translate this into a specific algorithm.

Alternatively, think of this as a problem where each sample h[i] contributes to multiple lags. For example, changing h[i] affects overlaps for all lags k where the shifted interval includes i. This interdependence makes the problem complex.

Perhaps I can use a greedy algorithm that iteratively selects the sample that has the most significant impact on the current maximum overlap and adjusts it to reduce that impact. But how to compute the impact and determine the adjustment?

This seems similar to a greedy approach used in some optimization problems. For example, in the case of the maximum cut problem, greedy algorithms are sometimes used to approximate the solution. But applying this to our problem would require a way to compute which sample to modify and by how much.

Alternatively, using a priority queue to keep track of the samples that most contribute to the current maximum overlap and adjusting them iteratively. However, this might not lead to a globally optimal solution.

Given the time constraints and the need for a material different approach, perhaps a combination of the initial construction and a specific optimization technique that's different from gradient descent or simulated annealing. Let me think about a possible method that leverages the structure of the problem.

Here's an idea: use the fact that the optimal h function should have a certain spread in its values to minimize overlaps. If I can model h as a sum of basis functions, such as piecewise constant functions with certain intervals, then optimize the coefficients of these basis functions to minimize the overlap.

For example, split the interval [0,2] into a grid of points, and assign h to be a step function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others. However, this might be too restrictive since the initial_h_values are samples, not segments. Alternatively, use a basis of piecewise constant functions and optimize their weights.

But even this would require solving an optimization problem that's non-convex. However, maybe with a large number of basis functions, it's possible to approximate the optimal solution. However, this could be computationally intensive.

Wait, but the problem allows for n_points to be less than 1k, and the initial_h_values have 45 points. Maybe using a basis that captures the essential features of the function, and then optimizing the coefficients. For instance, using a set of basis functions that are simple shifts of each other, similar to the way Fourier series represent functions.

But this is getting too abstract. Let me try to think of a concrete algorithm.

Another approach could be to use the fact that the overlap integrals are linear in h, except for the max operation. So, perhaps, for each possible lag k, we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum overlap, which can be treated as a series of constraints. For example, for each k, enforce that the overlap is at most some value β, and then find the smallest possible β. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem, but perhaps we can approximate it by considering a finite set of lags.

This approach would involve solving a constrained optimization problem where the Lagrangian includes terms for each lag k. However, solving this for all k would be computationally intensive. To make it feasible, we can use a method that iteratively adjusts the function to satisfy the constraints for each k, using a penalty method.

Alternatively, use a Lagrange multiplier approach where we find h that satisfies ∇h [objective] minus λ * ∇h [constraint] equals zero. But this again is a non-convex optimization problem that may not be solvable with standard methods.

Perhaps the key is to use a combination of the initial solution with some localized refinement. For example, start with the initial_h_values and then refine it by focusing on parts of the function that contribute most to the maximum overlap. For instance, identify the lags where the overlap is highest and adjust the function to reduce those overlaps.

But how to identify which lags are critical and how to adjust the function? This seems similar to the problem of finding the most sensitive points in the function, which could be done using a sensitivity analysis.

Alternatively, use a method that views the problem as a game between the function h and the worst-case lag k. The goal is to find an h that performs well against all possible k. This is similar to a robust optimization problem, where we want h to be robust against the worst-case k.

In robust optimization, one approach is to use the minimax formulation and solve it using specific algorithms. However, implementing this for our problem requires finding a way to handle the worst-case k, which is challenging.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is linear in h for fixed k, but the max over k is a non-linear operation, perhaps we can use a method similar to the barrier method in optimization. The barrier method introduces penalties for violating the max constraint, and iteratively adjust the function to balance these penalties.

But again, this is a high-level idea and requires detailed steps for implementation.

Considering the time constraints and the need for a working algorithm, perhaps the most feasible approach is to use a hybrid method that combines gradient-based optimization with a global search strategy. For example, use a trust region method that combines local gradients with global exploration steps. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is a sequential design strategy for global optimization of black-box functions. Bayesian optimization uses a probabilistic model of the objective function and selects the next evaluation point to maximize the expected improvement. However, this requires evaluating the objective function many times, which could be computationally expensive, especially with the high-dimensional h vector.

But with the given time budget of 600 seconds, and given that each evaluation involves computing the cross-correlation (which is O(n_points²) time), this might be feasible for small n_points. For example, if n_points is around 100, the O(n²) is 10,000 operations per evaluation, which is manageable within 600 seconds if the number of evaluations is around 100.

But the initial_h_values have n_points=45. Maybe reducing n_points to 100 would allow more iterations but would also require adjusting the initial solution to fit the new size. However, the user mentioned that smaller n_points are preferred for faster optimization and evaluation.

So, perhaps the plan is to use a combination of the initial solution and Bayesian optimization with a Gaussian process as the model. This would allow for efficient exploration of the search space while maintaining the constraints. However, implementing Bayesian optimization with the given constraints (sum of h, 0/1 bounds) requires careful handling of the model and acquisition functions.

But Bayesian optimization is more suited for continuous variables, and the constraints here are box constraints (h[i] in [0,1]) and a sum constraint. So, the model would need to account for these constraints, which can be done by using a transformation that maps the continuous variables into the feasible region. For example, using a softmax transformation or other method to ensure the sum constraint is met.

However, this approach might be complex to implement, especially given the time constraints for the coder agent. Moreover, the exact details of the acquisition function and how to balance exploration and exploitation would need to be specified.

Given these considerations, perhaps a practical approach is to use gradient descent with a learning rate that adjusts over time, ensuring that the solution remains feasible. But this is similar to the first strategy, so I need a different approach.

Wait, here's a new idea: using the fact that the overlap for a lag k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). This can be rewritten as ∫₀² h(x) dx - ∫₀² h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫₀² h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. Therefore, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx across all k. 

This is equivalent to finding h that maximizes the minimum cross-correlation. So, this becomes a max-min problem. This resembles the concept of minimax optimization, where we aim to maximize the minimum value. 

To tackle this, perhaps we can formulate an optimization problem where for each k, the cross-correlation is at least some value β, and we want to maximize β. This is a feasibility problem for varying β. Using a binary search on β, we can find the highest β for which such an h exists. 

But how to solve this inner feasibility problem? For a given β, we need to find h such that for all k, ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx ≥ β, with the constraints on ∑h and the range. This is still a non-convex problem unless certain conditions are met. 

But if we can find a convex relaxation, this might become feasible. For instance, if we can approximate the cross-correlation with a convex function, then we could use a convex optimization solver. However, I'm not sure about the exact form of such a relaxation.

Another angle: considering that the cross-correlations for different lags are related, perhaps we can find a harmonic analysis approach. For example, expressing h as a Fourier series and analyzing the resulting cross-correlations. However, this would require assuming certain smoothness or periodicity conditions on h, which might not be valid.

But let's explore this. If h is represented as a Fourier series, then the cross-correlations could be expressed in terms of the Fourier coefficients. However, the integral constraints and the non-convex nature of the problem would still need careful handling.

This line of thought could lead to an algorithm where we optimize the Fourier coefficients to satisfy the constraints and minimize the maximum overlap. However, this requires transforming the problem into the frequency domain and back, which might be computationally feasible for a certain number of coefficients.

But again, the details of how to translate the cross-correlation conditions into constraints on the Fourier coefficients are non-trivial. 

Considering the time constraints and the need for a concrete algorithm, I think the best approach is to use a combination of the initial solution and a tailored optimization technique, perhaps using a local search with a specific rule for perturbation and adjusting to maintain the constraints. 

Wait, the previous strategies used gradient descent and simulated annealing. To materialize a different approach, I could use a method based on the Frank-Wolfe algorithm, which is a first-order optimization method for constrained convex problems. However, since the objective is non-convex, I'm not sure if this would work directly. 

Alternatively, using a proximal gradient method that handles the constraints by projecting the solution back into the feasible region after updates. This could involve computing the gradient of the objective function with respect to h and then updating h in the direction that reduces the objective, while ensuring the constraints are met. 

But I need to specify how to compute the gradient of the maximum overlap. Since the objective is the maximum of several terms, the gradient would be the gradient of the term that is currently the maximum. This makes the problem sensitive to changes in the maximum, which could lead to instabilities in optimization.

Given the time, perhaps the best way forward is to use a method that combines the initial solution with a greedy refinement step, adjusting individual samples to reduce the current maximum overlap. This could involve identifying the lags with the highest overlap and adjusting the corresponding samples to lower these overlaps excessively.

For example, in each iteration, select the lag k with the highest overlap, and then adjust the samples in h that most significantly contribute to this overlap. This could be done by computing the sensitivity of the overlap integral to each sample and modifying the samples accordingly. However, this requires calculating derivatives or approximate sensitivities, which might be done via finite differences or other methods.

This approach would involve the following steps:
1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Normalize the sum to meet the constraint.
3. Compute the cross-correlation for all lags to find the current C₅.
4. For each iteration:
   a. Identify the lag with the maximum overlap.
   b. Compute the sensitivity of this overlap to individual h[i] values.
   c. Adjust the h[i] values that contribute most to this overlap, ensuring they remain within [0,1] and the sum is maintained.
   d. Repeat until improvement is no longer observed or the time budget is reached.

This is a local search approach that focuses on the most critical lags. It's different from gradient descent or simulated annealing, as it's based on targeting specific lags and adjusting the function locally to reduce their contributions. 

But implementing this requires careful handling of the sensitivity calculations and maintaining the constraints. For example, when adjusting h[i], the sum must be normalized again, and the h[i] values must be clamped to [0,1].

This approach could be more efficient than global search methods, especially since the time budget is tight. It also allows focusing on the most impactful areas of the function, potentially leading to faster convergence.

To implement this, the coder would need to:
- Compute the cross-correlation and identify the maximum lag.
- For the selected lag, compute the contribution of each h[i] to the overlap.
- Adjust the h[i] values that contribute the most, possibly in a direction that lowers the overlap.
- Ensure that after adjustment, the sum is normalized and constraints are met.

This approach is different from the previous strategies, which used either gradient descent or simulated annealing with global perturbations. Here, the focus is on local refinement of specific areas of the function that contribute most to the maximum overlap.

In summary, the new approach is a local search strategy that dynamically identifies and targets the lags with the highest overlaps, adjusting the corresponding samples to reduce their impact while maintaining the integral constraint. This method combines the idea of greedy refinement with sensitivity-based adjustments, targeting the most critical parts of the function to minimize the maximum overlap.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The central idea is to perform a locally informed iterative refinement of the step function h, focusing on reducing the most critical overlaps. This approach differs from gradient descent and simulated annealing by prioritizing lags with the highest current overlap and systematically adjusting the function to lower these values. The method exploits the structure of the cross-correlation objective to focus refinement on the most impactful segments of h, achieving faster convergence than global search methods. The key bottleneck addressed is the non-convexity of the problem, which is mitigated through targeted adjustments rather than random perturbations.

2. Mathematical specification
Representation: h is a vector of n_points samples over [0, 2], with 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and ∑h[i] = n_points/2. The objective is to minimize C₅ = max_k [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx], which equals 1 - min_k [∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx]. The optimization involves minimizing the maximum value of the non-linear overlap integral across all allowed lags.

For each lag k, the overlap integral is evaluated as:
overlap_k = ∫₀² h(x)h(x+k) dx
The max_k(overlap_k) determines the performance, and we aim to minimize this value. This formulation converts the original problem into maximizing the minimum pairwise overlap between h and its shifted versions.

3. Implementation procedure
Input: initial_h_values (n_points=45), seed, budget_s
Steps:
1. Validate initial_h_values: ensure 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 and ∑h[i] == n_points/2. Scale if necessary.
2. Initialize h = initial_h_values.copy()
3. Set dx = 2.0 / n_points, max_iterations = int(budget_s / 0.01) (adjust based on timing)
4. Track best_h and best_c5
5. For iteration in range(max_iterations):
   a. Compute full cross-correlation: corr = np.correlate(h, h, mode="full")
   b. Normalize corr by dx to compute actual overlaps: overlaps = corr * dx
   c. Identify max_overlap_idx = np.argmax(overlaps)
   d. Compute sensitivity for lag k = max_overlap_idx: 
      i. For each sample i, compute d_overlap/d_h[i] via finite differences
      ii. Use directional derivative along the gradient of the current overlap
   e. Select top 5 samples contributing most to the max overlap
   f. For each selected sample i:
      i. Compute allowable range for h[i] to reduce overlap (maintaining [0,1])
      ii. Choose adjustment direction: decrease h[i] if h[i] > 0.5, increase if < 0.5
      iii. Compute new_h[i] = h[i] + delta (delta sign determined by sensitivity)
   g. Adjust selected samples, clamp to [0,1], and normalize sum to n_points/2
   h. Compute new_c5 = max(overlaps)
   i. If new_c5 < best_c5: update best_h = h.copy(), best_c5 = new_c5
   j. If iterations exceed budget_s, terminate early
6. Return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)

4. Search choices and useful variations
Defaults:
- max_iterations = 500 (adjustable for different n_points)
- delta = 0.01 (adjustable based on perturbation analysis)
- Top 5 samples per iteration for adjustment
Variations:
- Increase delta for larger n_points to avoid local minima
- Reduce delta for finer adjustments
- Switch to top 3 samples when overlap < 0.38
- Use adaptive delta based on current overlap value
- Apply random restarts if no improvement for 50 consecutive iterations

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimate: 500 iterations * 0.001s = 0.5s for n=45
Memory: 45 floats for h, 2*45 for cross-correlation
Robustness:
- Clipping ensures 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1
- Normalization maintains ∑h = n_points/2
- Alley-fallback to initial_h_values if no improvement
- Early stopping if no improvement for 50 iterations
- Handle numerical instability via saturation limits

6. Validation and return contract
Checks:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- ∑h = n_points / 2
- C₅ computed as max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode="full") * dx)
- Return (h, c5_bound, n_points)
Sanity checks:
- Re-evaluate final candidate with exact evaluator
- Verify constraints are satisfied
- Confirm C₅ computation matches the task metric
</strategy>