<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h: [0,2]→[0,1] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is calculated by correlating h with 1-h. So the goal is to minimize the maximum value of this correlation.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me recall what the current approach does. It starts with an initial guess, then uses optimization methods to refine it. But perhaps getting stuck in local optima is an issue. Maybe trying different initializations or optimization strategies could help.

I remember that in similar problems, using a more global search method first, then local refinement, can help avoid local minima. The previous code uses differential evolution as a global optimizer, followed by SLSQP. But maybe adjusting the parameters or using different algorithms could help.

Also, the initial guess is based on a construction called initial_h_values. Maybe exploring other initializations could lead to better results. For example, the initial guess is a certain pattern, but perhaps other patterns like blocky ones or more spread out samples might be better.

Another thought: the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several integrals. This is a minimax problem. Convex optimization techniques might be challenging here because the objective isn't convex. However, maybe using some kind of alternating optimization or problem transformation could help.

Wait, the current code uses a step function, but the problem allows h to be any step function. However, the code represents it as samples, so maybe the way the h is structured could be optimized. For instance, having more points in regions where the function changes could allow for better approximations.

Another approach is to consider the problem as a covering or scheduling problem. The function h needs to be arranged such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe using a greedy approach where we try to balance the coverage across different intervals.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over all k of the overlap is fixed, perhaps using some symmetry or uniformity in the function h could help. For example, making h periodic or having certain regular patterns might distribute the overlaps more evenly.

Another idea is to use a Fourier analysis approach. Since the problem involves shifts, the overlap integral can be related to the convolution of h with 1-h. Fourier transforms might help in analyzing the maximum value. However, the current code uses numerical methods, so maybe a frequency domain approach isn't directly applicable here, but could inspire some insights.

Also, the previous code uses a L-BFGS-B method for local refinement. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like a trust-region method or a more robust quasi-Newton method, could help. Or maybe using a different constraint handling approach, such as penalty functions instead of equality constraints.

But the main challenge is to find a way to explore the search space more effectively. Maybe the initial guess is too localized. Let's think: the initial_h_values is a certain pattern. What if we generate multiple initial guesses with different structures, like varying the number of ones or spacing, and then optimize each one?

For example, the previous code generated a few spaced guesses. Perhaps generating more initial points with varying parameters could help. Also, maybe combining different strategies, such as starting with a uniform distribution, then adjusting it.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. But maybe using a more advanced global optimizer, like genetic algorithms, could explore the space better. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, using differential evolution might be sufficient, but perhaps tweaking the parameters could help.

Another thing to consider is the objective function. The code computes the maximum over all possible k of the correlation. Each correlation corresponds to a shift. But the number of shifts is large. For example, with n_points=45, the number of shifts is 45*2-1. But maybe the maximum occurs at certain shifts. So perhaps focusing on those shifts could help.

Wait, in the previous code, the max is taken over all shifts. But maybe some shifts are more critical than others. For instance, shifts that result in significant overlaps. So, maybe using a surrogate model that focuses on the most promising shifts could reduce the computational load.

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in some cases. However, Bayesian optimization is complex and may not fit well within the time constraints.

Another angle: the integral is over [0,2], and when shifted by k, the overlap is between h and 1-h. So, for each k, the integral is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is similar to the cross-correlation. The maximum value of this over all k is what we want to minimize.

The problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of a set of functions. Perhaps using a different optimization strategy that alternates between different k's and adjusts h to minimize each one in turn, then iteratively improves.

Alternatively, since the integral is maximized over k, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem, but I don't think the maximum is convex. However, maybe using some duality or Lagrange multipliers approach, but that's likely complex.

Another idea: since the integral is over x and k, maybe consider that for each k, the overlap is a function of h. To minimize the maximum, perhaps focusing on the worst case scenarios. For example, if we can ensure that for all k, the integral is below a certain threshold, then that's the bound.

But how to find such a function h? This feels like a problem where a grid search is not feasible, so heuristic methods are needed.

Going back to the code structure: the previous code starts with an initial guess, then does a few optimizations. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess isn't good enough. So perhaps generating better initial guesses could lead to better results.

For example, the initial_h_values is provided, but if I can create other initial guess patterns that might lead to better h, that could help. For instance, using a more regular pattern, like alternating 1s and 0s, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: distribute the 1s in h as evenly as possible. For example, placing them at regular intervals. But with 45 points, this would require placing them every 2/45 units. However, the function must have integral 1, so the sum of the h values times dx is 1. Since dx is 2/n_points, sum(h) is n_points/2.

If the initial guess is spread out, maybe that helps. So, perhaps generating an initial guess where h is a periodic function with certain properties. For instance, using a sine wave-like pattern, but adjusted to meet the integral.

But how to create such a pattern algorithmically? For example, generating a function that has certain peaks and valleys. However, the problem requires h to be a step function, so maybe using a series of steps that are spread out.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different local optimizer, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, could help. Or combining multiple optimization strategies.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution first, then an SLSQP run. Maybe the order can be reversed. Or perhaps trying different optimization sequences.

Also, the previous code has some parameters that might be tuned. For example, in the differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters could be adjusted. Maybe increasing the population size or decreasing the mutation rate could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like a particle swarm optimization, could explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, it's probably more feasible to stick with differential evolution and SLSQP, but with tuned parameters.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses the np.correlate function with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. However, for the integral over all shifts, perhaps the maximum occurs at shifts that are symmetric or related to the function's structure. Maybe precomputing the possible shifts that are most critical and focusing on them could save computation time.

But given that in the code, the correlation is computed for all shifts, and then the maximum is taken, perhaps that's the correct approach.

Another idea: the problem is similar to finding a function h that has low autocorrelation. In communication theory, such functions are used to minimize interference. Maybe techniques from that field could be relevant. For example, using a Barker code or similar sequences, but adjusted to meet the constraints.

However, Barker codes are for binary sequences with certain autocorrelation properties. The problem here is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which might be related but not the same.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to adjust h in a way that reduces the maximum overlap. For example, iteratively selecting the shift that gives the highest overlap and adjusting h to reduce that.

But how to implement this in code? It might involve multiple iterations of evaluating the maximum overlap and modifying h to lower it.

But with the time constraints of 100 seconds, it's important to have an efficient algorithm. The current approach uses a combination of global and local search, which might be the best bet.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates some spaced guesses. Then it runs optimization on those initial guesses. Then runs differential evolution, followed by an SLSQP optimization on the result. Then does some further local optimization.

Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses aren't diverse enough. For example, the code generates a few spaced guesses, but maybe generating more or different initial patterns could help.

Alternatively, using a more exploratory approach for the initial guesses. For instance, randomly generating some initial points with different distributions.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum of several functions. However, since the maximum is non-convex, this might not be straightforward.

But perhaps using a relaxation approach, where we approximate the maximum with a single function and optimize accordingly. For example, using a penalty method where the objective is the maximum of all the overlaps plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint.

But this might not be easily implemented in the current code structure.

Alternatively, since the problem involves a finite number of shifts (for the finite n_points), maybe approximating the maximum by considering several critical shifts. For example, for the given n_points, the maximum could be achieved for certain k values. If we can identify those k values, we could focus the optimization on those.

But how to find those k values? Well, without knowing the optimal h, it's hard to tell. However, for the given n_points, the shifts k can be from -2 to 2 (since the function is over [0,2], shifting by more than 2 would result in zero overlap). So maybe the critical shifts are within that range.

In the code, when computing the correlation with mode 'full', the result has length n_points + n_points - 1. For each k, the index is such that the shift corresponds to k. But I'm not sure about the exact mapping. Alternatively, the correlation array is such that the index corresponds to the shift. Perhaps focusing on the shifts near zero, or certain other shifts, could help.

But this requires knowing which shifts are most critical. Alternatively, during optimization, we could use a surrogate function that focuses on the most important shifts.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize several overlaps simultaneously. This could be done by adding multiple constraints, but again, this is tricky.

Another thing: the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. If the initial guess is a certain pattern, but there's a better pattern that's not explored, the code might get stuck. So generating diverse initial guesses is important.

In the previous code, three initial guesses are generated: the initial_h_values, and two spaced guesses with 22 ones. Maybe generating more spaced guesses with varying numbers of ones could help. For example, using 12, 18, or 24 ones. Or varying the number of ones and their positions.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses that are more regular, like placing ones every few steps. For example, for n_points=45, placing a one every 2 steps would give about 22.5 ones, which matches the current approach. But maybe varying the spacing.

Another idea: the current code uses np.round(np.linspace(0, n_points - 1, num_ones)). Maybe using a different spacing, like logarithmic spacing or something else, could lead to better initial distributions.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach for initial guesses, but this might not be helpful.

Another point to consider: the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses several optimization steps, which might be time-consuming. Perhaps optimizing the code to run faster, allowing more iterations or better parameter settings.

But given the constraints, it's more important to find a way to explore different regions of the search space effectively.

So, perhaps modifying the initial guess generation to include more diverse patterns. For example, in addition to the spaced guesses, generating random initial guesses where the ones are distributed in a way that ensures the sum is n_points/2.

But how to do that? For instance, generating a random array of 0s and 1s with the required sum, then adjusting some values to 0.5 to meet the sum requirement.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses with different distributions, then optimizing each. The previous code does this with a few guesses, but maybe increasing the number of initial guesses would help.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the maxiter parameter or adjusting the tolerances could allow for better convergence.

But the problem is that the time is limited, so increasing the number of iterations might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of optimization methods. For example, using differential evolution to find a good starting point, then using SLSQP with more iterations to refine it.

Another thing to consider: the current code returns the best solution found, but maybe there's a way to parallelize the optimization steps. However, with only one CPU available, this isn't possible.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code uses the initial_h_values and generates more spaced guesses. Perhaps the best approach is to try different initial constructions and see which gives a better result.

For example, instead of generating spaced guesses with 22 ones, perhaps generating some with 18, 24, or other numbers of ones. Also, perhaps some initial guesses with different patterns like blocks or clusters.

But how to generate these algorithmically? For example, for a block pattern, placing multiple 1s in certain positions, ensuring the sum constraints.

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess with the required sum, then optimizing it.

But the code already includes some initial guesses. Maybe adding more of them would help.

Another angle: the target is to get C₅ ≤ 0.380876. The previous code's best was 0.381142. So there's a small gap. To improve, the code needs to find a solution that reduces this value.

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that has more uniform coverage, reducing the peaks in overlaps. For example, ensuring that h is as flat as possible over the domain, but still meeting the integral constraint.

But how to achieve that? Maybe using a function that has multiple plateau regions, each covering a certain interval, and arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But creating such a function algorithmically is challenging. However, the current code uses a step function, so the h is made of 0s and 1s, or maybe 0.5s. So, for the initial guess, maybe a more regular pattern of 1s and 0s could be better.

Alternatively, considering that the minimal overlap is achieved when the function h is as constant as possible, but this seems conflicting with the integral constraint. Wait, no. Because the integral is fixed at 1, h can't be constant. For example, if the domain is [0,2], a constant h would require h = 1/2 everywhere, but that would give an overlap integral of 1/2 * 1/2 * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current target of ~0.38.

So, a more regular pattern may not be the answer. Instead, a function that is concentrated in certain regions but arranged to avoid overlap when shifted.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but the intervals are arranged to be as far apart as possible. For example, placing intervals that are spaced such that when shifted, they don't overlap much with the original.

But how to mathematically model this? It's similar to a scheduling problem where tasks are placed with certain constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is related to the maximum number of overlapping intervals between h and 1-h. So, for each shift k, the overlap is the integral over x where h(x) and 1-h(x+k) are both 1. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed to minimize the maximum number of such overlapping regions.

But again, this is abstract. How to translate this into an optimization problem?

Maybe focusing on the shifts that are most critical. For example, shifts that align the regions where h is 1 with regions where 1-h is 1. This would lead to maximum overlap. So, the function h should be arranged such that for any shift k, the regions where h is 1 don't align with the regions where 1-h is 1.

But this is vague. Perhaps, to construct such a function h, we can use aperiodic patterns or patterns that avoid regular intervals.

Another approach: the current code uses a step function with sample points. Perhaps instead of binary values (0 and 1), using values between 0 and 1 could lead to better overlaps. However, the problem states that h is a step function, which I think allows for values between 0 and 1. So, the current code is using binary or half-values. Maybe allowing for more intermediate values in h could help reduce the maximum overlap.

But in the previous code, the initial guess is made of 0s and 1s, and the optimization allows for values in between. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, so definitely including intermediate values.

Wait, but the problem defines h as a step function, which typically means that it's piecewise constant. So the sample points in the code represent the step function's values. Thus, allowing the optimization to adjust these values to be between 0 and 1.

So, perhaps allowing the optimization to take on intermediate values would help. For example, instead of being strictly 0 or 1, having some regions with 0.5s. This could smooth out the overlap, reducing the maximum.

But in the current code, the initial_guess is based on initial_h_values, which may have 0 and 1. However, the optimization can adjust these values. So, perhaps the previous code's approach is okay in that regard.

Another thought: the previous code's initial guesses are made of 0s and 1s, but perhaps creating initial guesses that include more 0.5s could lead to better optimization. For example, using a block pattern where certain regions are 0.5.

But how to generate such initial guesses algorithmically? For example, dividing the domain into sections and assigning different values.

In any case, the main challenge is to improve the optimization process by exploring different initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, and using more effective optimization strategies.

So, to modify the previous code, I could:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, include different numbers of ones, different spacing patterns, and maybe some random patterns.

2. Adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or tweaking the mutation rates in differential evolution.

3. Use different optimization methods for different stages. For example, using genetic algorithms for initial exploration, then SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change would be to generate more initial guesses with different structures. For instance, in the previous code, the code generates three initial guesses. Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results.

Alternatively, removing the initial guess and starting with a random initial guess, then using differential evolution.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps allowing more iterations in the differential evolution or SLSQP steps.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. However, if the initial_h_values is a poor starting point, it could lead to suboptimal results. So, instead, starting with a random initial guess might help.

But how to generate a random initial guess with sum n_points/2? For example, by initializing the array with random values between 0 and 1, then adjusting to meet the sum constraint. However, this could be computationally intensive.

But with the given code's structure, maybe the initial_h_values is better. If not, perhaps removing it and starting from a random initialization could help.

Alternatively, using a combination of initial guesses, including some random ones.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses include the initial_h_values and two spaced guesses. If I add more random variants, perhaps the optimization would find better solutions.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a differential evolution with a fixed population size and mutation parameters. Maybe adjusting these parameters, like increasing the population size or changing the mutation range, could lead to better exploration.

So, to summarize, the plan is:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including random ones and structured ones.

- Use different optimization strategies, perhaps with adjusted parameters.

- Explore different optimization sequences (e.g., first differential evolution, then SLSQP).

But how to implement this within the code's structure?

Let's think about modifying the code:

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated as:

initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
for _ in range(3):
    initial_guesses.append(generate_spaced_guess(22))

Perhaps changing this to generate more initial guesses, varying the number of ones. For example, generate guesses with 15, 20, 25, 28 ones, etc., and also some random guesses.

Also, in the generate_spaced_guess function, maybe varying the number of ones and using logarithmic spacing or other patterns.

Additionally, using different optimization methods for the initial guesses. Maybe using the SLSQP method with more iterations.

Another idea is to use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, but it's not clear how to integrate that into the current code structure.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm, but that would require a different setup.

Given the time constraints and the code's current structure, perhaps the best approach is to generate more initial guesses, use differential evolution with adjusted parameters, and then perform more SLSQP iterations.

But to implement this, I need to adjust the code. Let me outline the changes:

1. Generate more initial guesses, such as varying the number of ones and different spacing patterns.

2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters (mutation, recombination, population size) to improve exploration.

3. Increase the number of iterations for the SLSQP optimization.

4. Add more random initial guesses.

But how to do this in code?

Let me think about the code modification step by step.

First, generate more initial guesses. Let's modify the initial_guesses loop to generate more guesses with different numbers of ones. For example, generate guesses with 15, 20, 22, 24, 25, 28 ones. This could lead to different structures and better exploration.

Then, in the optimize_guess function, perform more iterations. Also, adjust the differential evolution parameters like mutation and recombination.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=150, maxiter=250. Maybe increasing the popsize or maxiter if time allows, but it's constrained by the budget.

Another thing is that the code uses L-BFGS-B for local optimization. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like COBYLA, which handles bounds better.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say. However, the current code's best result is 0.381142. To reach 0.3808, the code needs to find a better solution.

Another possible optimization is to use a hybrid approach: run differential evolution first to find a good candidate, then use SLSQP with a higher number of iterations to refine it further.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, there's an SLSQP step. Perhaps increasing the maxiter for SLSQP or using a lower tolerance could help.

Additionally, the code has a loop where it tries to do more L-BFGS-B steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations there, or using different optimization methods.

But given the time constraints, it's best to make the code more exploratory.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses with varying numbers of ones and different spacing, and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Let me outline the changes in code:

In the code, the generate_spaced_guess function is used. We can modify it to generate guesses with different numbers of ones. For example, generate guesses with 15, 20, 22, 25, etc., and also some random ones.

Then, in the initial_guesses loop, generate more initial guesses.

Additionally, modify the differential evolution parameters, such as increasing the population size, changing the mutation range, or increasing maxiter.

Another idea is to use different seed values for the initial guesses to explore different regions.

In the previous code, the initial_guess is seeded, but maybe using different seeds for different initial guesses could help.

But since the code is called with a fixed seed, it's perhaps not flexible. However, for the purpose of this task, the seed is given, so maybe not.

Now, putting all this into code:

The code will:

1. Generate more initial guesses with varying numbers of ones.

2. Use differential evolution with different parameters.

3. Perform more SLSQP iterations.

But due to the token limit, I need to keep the code concise.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code.

For the initial guess generation, instead of generating three guesses with 22 ones, I can generate guesses with different numbers of ones. Let's say 15, 20, 22, 25, and also some random guesses.

For example:

initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
for num_ones in [15, 20, 22, 25]:
    initial_guesses.append(generate_spaced_guess(num_ones))
# Add a few random guesses
for _ in range(3):
    # generate a random guess
    # create a random array with sum around n_points/2
    random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random_h = random_h / np.sum(random_h) * (n_points / 2)
    initial_guesses.append(random_h)

But this may not be feasible in code due to time, but the code can do it.

Then, in the differential evolution step, adjust parameters. For example, using a larger population size, or different mutation and recombination rates.

In the previous code:

result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(..., popsize=150, ...)

Maybe increasing popsize to 200 or 250.

Alternatively, using a smaller mutation range but higher recombination.

But without knowing the exact impact, it's hard to say.

Also, in the SLSQP optimization after differential evolution, increasing the maxiter.

In the previous code, the SLSQP is called with maxiter=250. Perhaps increasing it to 500.

Another thing: the previous code does a while loop that runs L-BFGS-B steps as long as time allows. That might be time-consuming. Perhaps adjusting the number of iterations there.

In summary, the code will be modified to generate more initial guesses, use different optimization parameters, and perform more iterations where possible.

Now, translating these thoughts into code.

Another thing to consider is the size of n_points. The initial_h_values has 45 samples. The code may need to keep it at that size, or use a different size. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. Since 45 is less than 1k, it's acceptable.

Finally, the code must return the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

Putting it all together, here's the plan for the modified code:

- Generate more initial guesses with different numbers of ones and random patterns.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

- Perform more iterations of SLSQP and other local optimizers.

But due to the code's structure, and the token limit, I need to make concise modifications.

Here's the code with these changes:

Import necessary libraries.

Define run function, with the initial seed and budget.

Generate more initial guesses with varying numbers of ones and random patterns.

Use differential evolution with population size and mutation parameters adjusted.

Perform more SLSQP steps.

Add more random initial guesses.

Thus, the code modification involves expanding the initial_guesses list and adjusting the optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_spaced_guess(num_ones):
        indices = np.round(np.linspace(0, n_points - 1, num_ones)).astype(int)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[indices] = 1.0
        if np.sum(h) < target_sum:
            idx = np.random.choice(np.where(h == 0)[0], size=1)
            h[idx] = 0.5
        return h
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    for num_ones in [18, 20, 22, 24, 26]:
        initial_guesses.append(generate_spaced_guess(num_ones))
    for _ in range(3):
        random_h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        random_h /= np.sum(random_h) * 2
        initial_guesses.append(random_h)
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=guess,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            return result.x if result.success else None
        except:
            return None
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=200,
            maxiter=300,
            mutation=(0.7, 1.0),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True,
            seed=seed
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 100:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```