<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP optimization, along with some random guesses. But they want a different approach, maybe more efficient or better at escaping local minima.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral (C5) is minimized. The overlap integral is computed as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The previous approach used differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then SLSQP to refine it. However, maybe that's not the most effective method.

Hmm. The user's previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP. But maybe there are better optimization strategies. For example, maybe using a genetic algorithm or a more efficient local search. But the previous code already uses DE. Alternatively, perhaps using a different initialization, like a better initial guess than the provided initial_h_values.

Wait, the user mentioned that they can start from the current construction (initial_h_values) or explore other starting points. The previous code uses that initial guess, but maybe there's a better starting point. For example, maybe generating a random initial guess that's more spread out, or using a different pattern.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum convolution of h and (1 - h). The problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of the convolution. So perhaps there's a way to model this as a variational problem, but with constraints on the integral of h. However, solving that analytically might be difficult.

But since we need a numerical approach, maybe the previous approach can be improved by using more efficient optimization techniques. For example, using a combination of global and local optimization, but with better parameter tuning.

The previous code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 50, maxiter 200, and then SLSQP. But maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results. However, the user's code uses the initial guess and then DE, then SLSQP, and also some random guesses. But with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps a different approach could be more efficient.

Another idea: the problem is a constrained optimization, where the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. The maximum is over different shifts k. So each k corresponds to a different integral, and we need to minimize the largest one. This is a min-max problem, which can be challenging to optimize.

In the previous code, the objective function for the optimization is the maximum of the correlation. To compute this, they use np.correlate, which may not be the most efficient way. Maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation or use a more efficient approach.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more manageable form. For example, using the fact that the integral over k of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx is related to the convolution of h and (1-h), and then taking the maximum over k. But with the discrete approximation, perhaps it's easier to compute for various k.

But the key is that the previous code uses a relatively straightforward approach. Perhaps a better approach would be to use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm that can handle the non-convexity better, or use a different strategy for generating initial points.

Wait, the user wants to avoid getting stuck in a local optimum, so maybe using a population-based approach with a better exploration strategy. The previous code uses DE which is population-based, but maybe a different variant or parameter tuning would help. For example, using a higher mutation rate or a different recombination strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using a local search with a smarter perturbation. The previous code does a simple random perturbation on the best guess and then runs SLSQP again. But perhaps a more intelligent way to perturb the solution, like using gradient information, could be better. However, since the problem is non-smooth (because of the max operator), gradients might be difficult to compute.

Another possibility is to use a multi-start approach with different initializations. For example, generating several random starting points and optimizing each one. But the previous code already does that with the random guess. Maybe increasing the number of random starts would help, but with a time budget, that's constrained.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a pattern that's known to perform well for similar problems. For example, a periodic or piecewise constant function that distributes the mass of h evenly over the interval [0,2], ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation where you want to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, in the Erdős problem, arranging points in such a way that overlapping is minimized. Maybe using a periodic function that repeats a pattern over the interval.

For example, a function h that has equal probability over intervals. Suppose we divide [0,2] into equal segments. If h is 1 on certain segments and 0 otherwise, then when shifted, the overlaps would be minimized. But since the integral over [0,2] must be 1, the total length where h is 1 is 1 (since integral is 1 and dx is 2/n_points, so sum(h) is n_points/2).

But if the function is a step function with certain intervals, maybe with a specific distribution. For example, a function that has 1/2 of the interval covered with h=1 and the other half with h=0. However, that would lead to overlaps when shifted by certain amounts. But the challenge is to arrange the 1s such that their overlap with shifts is minimized.

Another idea is to use a sine or cosine function, but converted into a step function. However, it's not clear how that would help.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values provided is a good starting point, but with some adjustments. The previous code uses that initial guess, but maybe by modifying it, like adding some randomness or applying a transformation.

Wait, the user's initial_h_values has n=45 points. The code could be modified to use a different starting point. For example, generating a random starting point with the same integral, but distributed differently. But since the user's code already tried that, perhaps another approach is needed.

Hmm. Let's think about the current code's performance. The previous code's result was C₅ bound = 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the target 0.380876. So the code needs to find a better solution.

Another thought: using more efficient optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method like L-BFGS-B, but since the objective function is the maximum of several values, which is non-differentiable, it's tricky. However, the code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, but maybe with a better initialization, it can find a better minimum.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: use a genetic algorithm to explore the search space more thoroughly, then use a local optimizer like SLSQP to refine the solution. The previous code does a DE followed by SLSQP, but maybe increasing the population size or number of iterations could help.

But the time budget is 100 seconds. Let's think about how long each method takes. The DE is a global optimizer, which can be time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the number of DE iterations and relying more on local optimizers would save time. Alternatively, using a more efficient DE setup.

Another idea: using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. For example, generating a new initial guess with a more optimal structure. For example, a function that is 1 over certain intervals, arranged to minimize overlaps. For instance, arranging the 1s in a way that they are spaced as evenly as possible.

For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length 0.5 (since the integral is 1, which would be 1.0 over 0.5 units of length, but since dx is 2/n_points, sum(h) must be n_points/2. For n_points=45, sum(h) is 22.5. So if each interval of length dx is set to 1, then the number of such intervals is 22.5, but since you can't have half an interval, maybe some intervals are 1 and others 0.5. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, creating an initial guess that is a periodic function. For example, a square wave that alternates between 0 and 1, such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. However, this might not be optimal.

Wait, the problem is similar to the Erdos's problem of minimizing the maximum overlap. In the case of the original Erdos problem (for C5), the optimal construction is known to be a certain pattern. However, since the exact solution is not known, the code is trying to approximate it.

An alternative approach is to use a more efficient optimization strategy, such as using a Simulated Annealing method, which can escape local minima. However, Simulated Annealing is generally slower than DE, so it might not be feasible within the 100-second budget.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, using the fact that the maximum over k is the maximum of the convolutions. Perhaps we can compute all the necessary integrals efficiently and find which k gives the maximum. However, the code already does this with np.correlate, which is fast.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns a vector of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of that vector multiplied by dx gives C5. But maybe for some k, the integral can be computed more efficiently. However, this is probably not the issue.

Another thought: the previous approach uses SLSQP after DE. Maybe using a different local optimizer could help. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free. However, it's possible that SLSQP is better for this problem.

Alternatively, using a penalty method with more parameters. But the code already uses constraints.

Another idea: adjusting the hyperparameters of DE. For example, increasing the mutation rate or the population size to better explore the search space. However, the previous code uses a popsize of 50 and maxiter of 200. Maybe increasing these could help, but with time constraints.

Wait, but the code is already running DE and then SLSQP. Maybe the DE could be run with a smaller population and fewer iterations, then the SLSQP would refine it. But the previous code's DE is not very aggressive. Maybe increasing the maxiter for DE could lead to better results. However, with a 100-second budget, running DE for more iterations might be possible.

Alternatively, the user's code could be modified to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of the provided initial_h_values, using a random initial guess with more variance. For example, generating a random h that satisfies the sum constraint but has a more spread-out pattern.

But the user's code already attempts that with the random_guess. So maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not the best.

Another approach: instead of using DE, use a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation operations tailored to the problem. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might be less efficient than DE.

Alternatively, consider using a mixed-integer optimization approach. Since the function is a step function, with values either 0 or 1 (but the user allows values between 0 and 1), it might be possible to model this as a continuous optimization problem with constraints. However, the previous approach already uses continuous variables.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a specific pattern that could be modified. For example, suppose the initial_h_values is a certain construction, and by modifying it slightly, perhaps we can find a better solution.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different structure for the step function. For example, instead of having blocks of 1s and 0s, have overlapping intervals that are spaced to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to model this? It's tricky.

Alternatively, think of the problem as trying to distribute the '1's in h such that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. So for any shift k, the overlap between h and the shifted version of h is minimized. Since the integration is over all x, it's the convolution of h and (1-h).

So, perhaps the optimal h is one that is as spread out as possible, avoiding overlapping with its shifted copies. This suggests that h should have a structure that is periodic or has low correlation with its shifted versions.

In signal processing, a function with low cross-correlation with its shifted versions is called a "low autocorrelation" sequence. However, in this problem, we need the cross-correlation with (1-h) to be as small as possible. So perhaps the optimal h is a sequence that is as low autocorrelation as possible with its shifted versions.

In that case, perhaps using a known low autocorrelation sequence, like a Barker code, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. However, Barker codes are typically used for binary sequences with low autocorrelation, but they have specific lengths. For example, the Barker code of length 11 has autocorrelation values that are 1 or 0, but that's for binary sequences. However, since our h is a step function that can take values between 0 and 1, perhaps we can use a similar idea but with a more flexible structure.

But this is getting into more specific signal processing techniques, which might not directly apply. However, the key idea is that the optimal h should have minimal correlation with its shifts. So, perhaps generating a structure that is as spread out as possible.

Another idea: use a function that is 1 over a single interval, and 0 elsewhere. Then, the overlap for shifts would depend on the length of the intersection between the original interval and the shifted interval. However, for such a function, the maximum overlap would be when the shift is such that the intervals overlap by a maximal amount. For example, if the initial interval is [a, b], then the maximum overlap would be the length of the interval where [a, b] overlaps with the shifted interval [a + k, b + k]. The maximum overlap depends on the length of the interval and the shift. But this is likely not optimal.

Alternatively, using multiple intervals. For example, splitting the integral into several intervals, spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, if the integral is 1, then the total length where h is 1 is 1 unit. If we split this into m intervals, each of length 1/m, and space them apart such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a spreading pattern.

But how to choose the number of intervals and their positions? This is a design problem. However, since the function is a step function with n_points samples, perhaps using as many intervals as possible to spread out the mass would help. However, the current code's initial_h_values might already do that.

Another thought: perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. The convolution can be represented in the frequency domain, and the maximum value of the convolution can be related to the Fourier coefficients. However, this might not be straightforward for this problem.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a quadratic optimization problem. The overlap integral can be represented as a sum over pairs of points, but the max over k makes it non-convex. However, approximating the maximum with a penalty function might allow for more efficient optimization. For example, using a max function that can be approximated with a series of constraints. But this would complicate the optimization.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit into the code, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's optimization strategy. For example, using a different initial guess, adjusting the hyperparameters of DE, or adding more local optimization steps.

In the previous code, after the initial DE, it runs SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations could lead to better initial guesses. Also, perhaps the initial guess is not the best, and generating a different starting point could help.

Alternatively, using a different starting point, like a more evenly distributed one. For example, the initial_h_values may be a certain pattern, but using a different pattern that is more spread out.

Another idea: the code could start with the initial_h_values, then perform a local optimization around it, but also try other starting points generated from the initial one with small perturbations. However, the code already has a loop that perturbs the best solution and runs SLSQP on it.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be improved by using a more efficient way to compute the objective function, or by using more efficient optimization algorithms. For example, using the 'BFGS' method with appropriate constraints. However, since the objective function is non-convex, BFGS may not be suitable.

Another thought: using the 'COBYLA' method in SLSQP, which handles bounds and constraints well. But the previous code uses 'SLSQP', which includes COBYLA as an option. Wait, SLSQP is a method that uses gradient-based optimization. But since the objective function includes a max, the gradient may not be well-defined at certain points. However, the code might still be able to handle it with a sufficient number of iterations.

Perhaps the key is to improve the initial guess. Let's think about the initial_h_values. The user's code starts from that, but maybe generating a better initial guess is possible. For example, using a grid-based approach where the values are set to 0.5, and then adjusting them to meet the sum constraint. But this is vague.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with the same sum, but distributed more evenly. For example, generating a vector where each entry is randomly chosen between 0 and 1, with the constraint that the sum is n_points / 2. This could be done by sampling a multinomial distribution, but in practice, it's easier to start with a uniform random vector and adjust the sum.

But the previous code already does that with the random_guess. So maybe trying more random guesses would help, but with time constraints, it's not clear.

Another idea: combining multiple optimization strategies. For example, use DE to explore the space, then for each candidate, run a local optimizer, and keep track of the best solution found. This is what the previous code does, but perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations could help.

Alternatively, using a smaller number of DE iterations but with a larger population, allowing more diversity in the initial guesses.

In terms of code changes, perhaps the previous code's DE is too conservative. For example, setting lower mutation rates or higher recombination rates. Let me think about the parameters used in the DE: mutation is (0.8, 1.2), recombination is 0.9. These are standard parameters, but maybe adjusting them could help. For example, increasing the mutation rate might allow for more exploration in the search space.

Another thing: the previous code runs DE with vectorized=True, which is faster. However, if the DE is not converging sufficiently, perhaps increasing maxiter could help. But this would take more time.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization method for the initial exploration. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a custom crossover and mutation that is better suited for this problem. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch would add code complexity and time.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the parameters of the DE and the SLSQP optimization, and try to find better initial guesses. Let me outline the changes:

1. Increase the number of DE iterations or population size to explore more of the solution space.
2. Try different initial guesses, such as more diverse random guesses.
3. Use a different optimization method for the initial stages, perhaps with better exploration.
4. Adjust the hyperparameters of the DE and SLSQP to allow for better convergence.

But the user's code already does DE, SLSQP, and random guesses. So, perhaps the main issue is that the initial guess is not good enough. Alternatively, using a different starting point for the SLSQP optimization.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then applying a transformation that spreads out the values more. For example, taking the initial guess and applying a smoothing or spreading process.

But how to implement that efficiently? It's not clear.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution is related to the regular grid. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments and ensuring that each segment's contribution to the overlap is balanced.

But without a clear mathematical formulation, it's hard to code.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit into the code, perhaps the main change is to improve the DE parameters and the local optimization steps. For example:

- Increase the mutation rate in DE.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Use more local optimizations with different starting points.

But since the user's code is already trying these, maybe the key is to use a different initialization, such as a more structured initial guess.

Alternatively, perhaps using an initial guess with multiple blocks of 1's spread out. For example, using a pattern of multiple small intervals spaced evenly, which would reduce the overlap when shifted.

For example, if the integral is 1, then the total length of the 1's is 1. Dividing this into m intervals of length 1/m, and placing them at positions that are spaced out. This would minimize the overlap.

But how to translate this into an initial guess with n_points samples? For example, if n_points is 45, then 22.5 entries are 1.0, and the rest are 0.0. But to spread them out, the 1's would be placed at regular intervals. However, the initial_h_values might already do that.

Alternatively, the code could generate an initial guess by creating equal-length segments with 1's, spaced evenly. For example, placing the 1's at positions that are spread apart, ensuring minimal overlap.

But how to code this? For example, if the function h has a certain number of 1's, spaced out over the interval. This could be done by creating a step function with 1's at each of several positions spaced by a certain distance.

But since n_points is 45, and sum(h) is 22.5, it's impossible to have exactly 22.5 1's. So some entries would be 1, some 0.5, depending on the distribution. However, this seems complicated to code.

Alternatively, generate an initial guess that has 1's at regular intervals. For example, every other sample, but keeping the sum constraint. This would be similar to a periodic pattern.

But generating this in code would require some arithmetic. For example, if we divide the interval into m equal parts, then assign 1's to certain positions. However, this is getting too specific.

In the absence of a clear better initial guess, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code's hyperparameters. For example:

- Increase the mutation rate in DE.
- Increase the number of iterations in DE.
- Increase the number of SLSQP iterations.

However, with the time budget, these changes need to be carefully balanced. For example, if DE is run for more iterations, it may find better initial points, which could then be refined by SLSQP.

Another idea is to use the initial guess as the starting point and run SLSQP with more iterations. The previous code uses 300 iterations for SLSQP, which might be sufficient. But maybe increasing that would help.

Alternatively, combining the previous code's approach with better exploration strategies, like Simulated Annealing, but that's not feasible within the time constraints.

In summary, the previous code uses DE followed by SLSQP, plus some random guesses. To improve it, perhaps adjusting the DE and SLSQP parameters to explore more of the solution space and refine better. Additionally, generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local optima.

So, modifying the code to:

1. Use a higher mutation rate in DE.
2. Increase the number of DE iterations.
3. Allow more SLSQP iterations.
4. Try more random initial guesses.
5. Use different starting points for the local optimization.

But how to implement this efficiently.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code's DE is called with popsize=50, maxiter=200, mutation=(0.8,1.2), etc. Maybe increasing maxiter to 500 or 1000 would allow more exploration. But with a 100-second budget, this might be possible.

Additionally, after the DE run, the code runs SLSQP with 500 iterations. Increasing that could help, but again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: instead of using DE followed by SLSQP, use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method for the initial search. But again, this is risky.

Alternatively, using a combination of different methods, but time is tight.

In the end, given the constraints, the best approach might be to adjust the DE parameters to explore more and improve the initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP. Additionally, ensuring that the code tries enough different initial guesses.

So, modifying the code:

- Increase the number of DE iterations to, say, 300.
- Maybe use a higher mutation rate.
- Increase the SLSQP iterations.
- Add more random initial guesses.

But the user's code already does some of this. For example, the code runs DE with maxiter=200, then SLSQP with 500 iterations, plus random guesses.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guess. For example, instead of the provided initial_h_values, generate a better one. However, without access to the actual initial_h_values, I can't customize that. But the user mentions that initial_h_values is available, so the code could build on it.

In conclusion, the changes needed are likely to fine-tune the optimization process to better explore and refine the solution. So, adjusting the hyperparameters, perhaps increasing DE iterations and SLSQP iterations, and adding more local optimization steps.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h_initial = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h_initial.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def eval_func(x):
        return objective(x)
    
    # Generate a few structured initial guesses for diversity
    structured_guesses = []
    for _ in range(3):
        mid = (n_points // 2)
        p = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(10):
            pos1 = np.random.randint(0, mid)
            pos2 = np.random.randint(mid, n_points)
            p[pos1] = 1.0
            p[pos2] = 1.0
        p += np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.2
        p = np.clip(p, 0, 1)
        structured_guesses.append(p)
    
    # Combine initial guesses for diversity
    all_guesses = [h_initial]
    all_guesses.extend(structured_guesses)
    all_guesses.extend([np.random.rand(n_points) * 0.1 for _ in range(3)])
    all_guesses.append(np.random.choice([0, 1], size=n_points, p=[0.5, 0.5]))
    
    def optimize_func(x0):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=eval_func,
            x0=x0,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if not result.success:
            return x0
        return result.x
    
    for guess in all_guesses:
        h_opt = optimize_func(guess)
        current_c5 = objective(h_opt)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = h_opt
    
    # Early stopping and refinement
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 30:
        # Random perturbation
        pert = np.random.normal(0, 0.01, size=n_points)
        pert = np.clip(pert, -0.1, 0.1)
        h_pert = best_h + pert
        h_pert = np.clip(h_pert, 0, 1)
        
        # Local refinement
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=eval_func,
            x0=h_pert,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```