<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used an initial guess and tried to optimize it with SLSQP, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], and each value is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used SLSQP optimization with some perturbations. But maybe SLSQP isn't the best method here. Or perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. Also, the code might be stuck in local minima. So maybe a different approach, like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, could help escape local optima. However, those might be too slow given the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method with better global search capabilities?

Another thought: the problem is similar to a scheduling or resource allocation problem. Maybe there's a way to model it as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure. The objective function here is non-convex because of the max operator. So convex optimization might not work directly.

Wait, the current approach uses a step function. Maybe there's a better structure for h. For example, if h is constructed with certain periodicity or symmetry, it might balance the overlaps better. The previous code used 45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points could help? The problem says to prefer smaller sequences, but the current initial is 45. Maybe trying with fewer points, but the user wants to start from the initial construction. So perhaps stick with the same number or slightly adjust it.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. If I can find a way to model this as a minimax problem, perhaps using a Lagrangian multiplier method. However, solving such problems is challenging without a specific structure.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust the values of h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each position, check if changing h[x] would decrease the maximum overlap. But this is a heuristic and might not converge to the optimal solution.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values and does SLSQP optimization, then perturbs and tries again. But maybe the initial guess is not the best. What if I start with a different initial guess? For instance, a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, or some pattern that's known to have good properties.

Another thing: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values. Maybe trying with different n_points could yield better results. But the problem says smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe trying with n_points=40, 50, etc. However, the user might want to start from the initial construction, so perhaps stick with that.

Wait, the user says: "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the `initial_h_values` global variable (n=45 samples)." So I need to use that as the starting point. So perhaps the main issue is how to optimize from that initial guess more effectively.

In the previous code, two SLSQP runs are done: one with penalty and one without. Then some perturbations. But maybe the optimization parameters aren't set optimally. For example, the maximum number of iterations, the tolerance, or the step size. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different method like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients? But the problem allows any scipy method as long as it's available.

Wait, the allowed solvers include CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. Maybe using a different solver could help. For instance, COBYLA is a derivative-free method that might handle constraints better. Or maybe using a Nelder-Mead simplex method.

But the problem says that the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds. So perhaps using a more efficient method.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of cross-correlations, perhaps we can use a randomized approach. For example, generate a random initial guess, but that might not be effective without good perturbation strategies.

Alternatively, maybe the cross-correlation can be approximated with some Fourier transform methods. Since the cross-correlation is the convolution of h with 1-h. But I'm not sure how that would help directly.

Wait, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx over x. If we think of k as a shift, and the overlap is the area where h is 1 and 1-h is 1, but I'm not sure.

Another idea: the maximum overlap for different shifts k. So for each shift, we want the integral to be small. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. Maybe this is similar to a problem where we want h to be as "spread out" as possible, so that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized.

So perhaps constructing h with certain periodic patterns, like a sinusoidal function, but since it's a step function, maybe a combination of intervals where h is 1 or 0 in a way that balances overlaps.

But since we have to use step functions, maybe the optimal h is a collection of intervals where it alternates between 1 and 0. However, with the integral constraint, the length of these intervals must be chosen carefully.

Alternatively, perhaps using a dual approach where we try to balance the overlaps for different shifts. For example, if we have certain shifts where the overlap is high, adjust h to reduce those overlaps.

But how to implement this? It's unclear.

Perhaps the previous code could be improved by using a different optimization method. For instance, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can explore the parameter space more effectively. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be beyond the current time budget, especially with the limited code size.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method with better handling of constraints. Let me think about the previous code again. The objective function is the max of the cross-correlation. The SLSQP method is a gradient-based optimization, which may get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a genetic algorithm could explore the search space more thoroughly, but again, time could be an issue.

Another idea: Check the current best C₅ value. The previous program had 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a small improvement needed. How can we find that?

Let me think about the evaluation step. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. The cross-correlation of h and 1 - h. The maximum of this correlation is the C5. So maybe there's a way to compute this more efficiently, but that's not the problem.

Wait, the cross-correlation for different lags. So for each lag k, we compute the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over x. But the integral is over x such that x +k is in [0,2]. So for each k, the actual integration interval depends on k. But the np.correlate function handles this by padding with zeros, I think. So maybe the current code's way of calculating the cross-correlation is accurate.

Another possible optimization: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum over k, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we have to minimize the maximum of several linear functions. But that's not straightforward, as the maximum is a non-linear operator.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a relaxation approach. For example, approximate the problem by considering the maximum over a subset of k values, but this might not capture the true maximum.

Another thought: since the function h is a step function, maybe it's better to represent it as a set of intervals with certain lengths where h is 1 or 0. Then, the problem becomes choosing the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this approach would involve combinatorial optimization, which could be complex. But with numerical methods, perhaps we can model this as a continuous optimization problem.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more effective initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might have some structure that can be modified. For instance, if the initial h is 1 on certain intervals, maybe adjusting those intervals' lengths or positions to spread out the overlaps more evenly.

But how to do this algorithmically?

Another angle: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. So the total area under h is 1. For the interval [0, 2], that's equivalent to the average value being 0.5. So maybe the optimal h is a function that is as uniform as possible, but with the shape that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Wait, but for step functions, uniformity could mean that h is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half. But that would lead to some overlaps. However, if the 1s and 0s are spread out, maybe the overlaps are minimized.

But how to construct such a function? For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that shifting them by certain amounts doesn't cause the overlap to be too high.

This seems to invite a construction similar to a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties, like a Barker sequence. However, Barker sequences are for binary sequences with minimal autocorrelation, but this problem is different. But maybe there are insights there.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is the worst-case shift. So, to minimize the maximum, perhaps the function should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is balanced.

But how to achieve that?

Another idea: using the previous code's structure but making some changes. For example, adjusting the perturbation method. Maybe instead of adding a Gaussian perturbation, using a more targeted perturbation that reduces overlaps in the worst-case shifts. But how to find which shifts are worse?

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initializations. But the initial guess is fixed.

Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's SLSQP optimization with the penalty function is not doing a great job. Perhaps changing the way the penalty is applied. For example, using a more aggressive penalty that ensures the constraints are satisfied more strictly.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same initial guess for multiple optimization runs. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses, perhaps with different perturbations, could help find better solutions. But given the time budget, how many can we afford?

Alternatively, using a different solver. For example, the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize, which is derivative-free and can handle bounds. Maybe it's better for this problem.

But how to implement this?

In the previous code, the SLSQP method was used with a penalty function. Maybe replacing that with a different method.

Let me think of modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Let's see. The COBYLA method can handle bounds and constraints, and it's derivative-free. But since the objective function is smooth, maybe it's not as effective as SLSQP, but perhaps it can find a better solution.

Alternatively, combining different methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a small population size, which is faster. But implementing a genetic algorithm would require a lot of code and might be time-consuming.

Another thought: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum of several values, maybe using a dual optimization approach where we try to minimize each of those values in sequence. However, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, for each possible k, compute the integral and make sure that each is below some threshold. But how to do that while maintaining the integral constraint?

This seems like a problem that could be approached with a Lagrangian multiplier method, but again, the non-convexity of the objective makes it difficult.

Alternatively, using a heuristic where we adjust h to focus on the shifts that give the highest overlaps. For example, find the k with the highest overlap, and modify h to reduce that overlap, then repeat. But this would need an iterative approach and could be time-consuming.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses multiple iterations of SLSQP with perturbations. Perhaps the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. Maybe by changing the initial guess, or by using a different optimization method, we could find a better solution.

Another idea: using the initial guess and then applying a local search with different parameters. For instance, in the previous code, the perturbation is a small Gaussian noise. Maybe instead of perturbing all points, target specific regions where overlaps are high.

But without knowing where those regions are, it's hard to do.

Alternatively, using a more effective way to calculate the gradients for the objective function. Since the previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradients. If the objective function is differentiable, the gradients can be computed analytically or numerically. However, the current code uses numerical gradients (since the objective function is written as a Python function, and SLSQP may use finite differences).

But maybe using analytical gradients would help the optimization converge faster and to a better solution.

However, calculating the gradient of the maximum of the cross-correlation might be complex. Let me think: the objective is the maximum of the cross-correlations for all shifts. The derivative of this maximum with respect to h would depend on which particular correlation is the maximum at that point. So, for each h, find the k that gives the maximum correlation, then compute the derivative of that particular correlation with respect to h.

This seems complicated but possible. If we can compute the gradient analytically, the optimization could be more efficient.

But integrating this into the code would require modifying the objective function to return not only the value but also the gradient. However, given the time constraints, this might be too involved.

Alternatively, using a numerical gradient estimation with a small step size. The previous code doesn't do this; it's let's see, the SLSQP method uses finite differences by default, so maybe that's already handling it. However, perhaps adjusting the step size or the method's settings (like the 'eps' parameter) could improve convergence.

In the previous code, the 'eps' is set to 1e-9, which is very small, but maybe increasing it would help in some cases. Or maybe decreasing the tolerance values.

Another idea: the previous code runs the optimization for a limited number of iterations (up to 500, then 300). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could allow it to find a better solution. However, the time budget is tight, and with multiple runs, the code may exceed the time limit.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but using more efficient methods.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code first tries to minimize with a penalty function, then without, and then performs some perturbations. Maybe the order of these steps could be changed. For example, using more aggressive perturbations first, then fine-tuning.

Another possible change: when generating perturbations, instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe making local changes that target specific shifts. However, without knowing which shifts are problematic, this is difficult.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation for k=0 would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx = ∫ h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Since h(x) is between 0 and 1, this integral is ∫ h(1 - h) dx. For a given h, this is minimized when h is as close to 0.5 as possible. However, since h must sum to 1 over [0,2], the average of h is 0.5. So the integral for k=0 is always ∫ h(1 - h) dx. Which is ∫ h - h^2 dx = ∫ h dx - ∫ h^2 dx = 1 - ∫ h^2 dx. So to minimize this, we need to maximize ∫ h^2 dx, which would happen when h is as concentrated as possible. However, since the integral is fixed, this might lead to a larger overlap for other shifts. So this seems like a trade-off.

Therefore, for k=0, the overlap is 1 - ∫ h^2 dx. If we can make this as small as possible, perhaps other overlaps will be more manageable. But this is just for k=0. Other shifts may have higher overlaps.

In any case, the previous code is already trying to minimize the maximum over all shifts.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated starting point. For instance, generating a better initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, by adjusting the initial_h_values to have intervals where the overlaps are better balanced.

But how to do that without going into a complex algorithm?

Alternatively, perhaps the current initial_h_values is not optimal, so generating a different initial guess that's better. For example, using a different construction for h. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available.

So, given all that, perhaps modifying the optimization approach. Let's think about using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP. COBYLA is a derivative-free optimization method that can handle bounds and linear constraints, and it might be more effective in avoiding local minima.

Let me try to adjust the previous code to use COBYLA. For instance, changing the method parameter in the optimize.minimize call to 'COBYLA'. However, COBYLA requires the objective function to be smooth, which it is. Let me see.

In the previous code, the first optimization uses 'SLSQP' with a penalty function. If we replace that with 'COBYLA', perhaps it could find a better solution.

So modifying the code as follows:

In the first try, use method='COBYLA' and drop the penalty function, since COBYLA can handle the constraints.

Alternatively, use method='SLSQP' with more iterations.

But I'm not sure. Another thought: the previous code uses constraints with 'eq' type, which is the equality constraint for sum(h) = target_sum. That's correct.

Another change: increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance parameters.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like 'Nelder-Mead', but it's derivative-free and may be slower.

Alternatively, trying a combination of different methods.

But since the user is requesting a code block, and I need to write a Python code that fits into the constraints, perhaps the key is to modify the optimization approach and parameters to get a better result.

Let me think of the code structure. Let's try to adjust the code to use a different method, provide more detailed perturbations, and perhaps increase the number of iterations.

Another thing: in the previous code, the initial guess is used for multiple optimization steps, but perhaps varying the initial guess could help. However, the initial guess is fixed to the initial_h_values.

So, perhaps the previous code's main issue is that it's not exploring the solution space sufficiently. Therefore, trying a different optimization approach could be better.

Here's a possible plan:

1. Use COBYLA instead of SLSQP for the optimization, as it's derivative-free and can handle bounds better.
2. Perform multiple optimization runs with different initializations, maybe with slight perturbations to the initial guess.
3. Use a more aggressive perturbation strategy during the iterations.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters like the number of iterations and tolerance to allow for better exploration.

But how to implement this in code.

Let me try to write code that uses COBYLA, and also includes more iterations and different perturbations.

Also, the previous code's perturbation function adds a normal distribution. Maybe a different perturbation, such as a uniform perturbation, could be more effective. Or maybe a combination of adding and subtracting small values to certain positions.

Alternatively, using a local search around the best_h found so far, with different step sizes.

Putting this together, the code could look like this:

Use COBYLA for the initial optimization, then perform multiple perturbations with different methods.

But I need to be careful with the time budget.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal solution is achieved by a function h that is symmetric or has certain periodic properties. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then shifting by 1 would be equivalent to shifting by 0, but this may not help.

Alternatively, if the function has a triangular shape or some other form.

But again, without a concrete approach, it's hard to implement.

In conclusion, the main improvements would be to change the optimization method and parameters, possibly using a different solver (like COBYLA), adjust the number of iterations, and use more effective perturbation strategies. Let's proceed to modify the previous code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.03):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    result = optimize_with_method('COBYLA', initial_guess, maxiter=200)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.02)
        result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed, maxiter=150)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```