Okay, I'm trying to tackle this problem where I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and I need to do better than the previous program which achieved 0.381315. 

So, first, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to minimize the overlap integral C₅, which is defined as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Here, h is a step function from [0,2] to [0,1], with the constraints that it integrates to 1 over the interval, and each value is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used a numerical optimization method with SLSQP, starting from a given initial_h_values. But it got stuck in local minima, as the problem is non-convex. That's why the results weren't as good as hoped.

I think I need a more robust optimization strategy. One idea is to use a multi-start approach with a focus on maintaining feasibility. Maybe using a combination of gradient-based and stochastic methods could help explore the solution space better.

Looking at the constraints, it's crucial that the sum of h equals 1, scaled appropriately. The previous method used adjust_sum to clip and adjust the sum, but this might not be the most efficient way. Maybe a more structured approach to maintaining the sum constraint would be better, using a feasible region-preserving method.

Another thought is to use a higher-dimensional search space or a more detailed discretization. The initial approach used 45 points, but perhaps a different resolution could capture more nuances in the function h. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences are preferred for faster computation, so I shouldn't go too high.

I remember that in optimization, using a trust-region method can sometimes handle non-convex problems better than line-search methods like SLSQP. Alternatively, maybe using a Nelder-Mead simplex approach could be effective, although it's derivative-free. Hmm, but the problem mentions using scipy.optimize.minimize, which supports SLSQP, Nelder-Mead, and others. Maybe switching the solver could help, but I should check if the problem allows that.

Wait, the libraries allowed include scipy and numpy. So, perhaps using a different solver might be an option. Alternatively, maybe using a combination of solvers: starting with a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then refining it with a local solver.

Another approach is to reformulate the problem. The current objective is max convolution, which is non-linear and non-convex. Maybe there's a way to approximate it or relax it into a convex form, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, I could consider using a Fourier-based approach, as harmonic analysis is a field I'm supposed to be an expert in. Maybe transforming the problem into the frequency domain could offer some insights or computational advantages.

Wait, the evaluation uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives convolution over all lags. The maximum of this convolution, scaled by dx, is the C5 value. So, to minimize C5, I need to make sure that for all possible shifts k, the overlap isn't too large. This seems related to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1-h.

I recall that in signal processing, functions with low cross-correlation with their shifted versions are spread spectrum sequences. Maybe similar techniques can be applied here. Alternatively, perhaps designing h to have a flat autocorrelation function might help, but since we're dealing with 1-h, it's a bit different.

Let me think about the structure of h. If h is a binary function (though it's allowed to be between 0 and 1), the problem is similar to a binary sequence design. But with continuous values, it's more flexible. Maybe setting up h with certain periodic patterns could help. For example, placing high values in h in regions where shifts would cause them to avoid overlapping too much.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Perhaps using a heuristic initialization that spreads high values of h in a staggered manner, then optimizing from there. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe modifying that initial setup could lead to a better starting point.

The previous method used a loop where it randomly perturbs the best_h and runs SLSQP each time, then keeps the best solution. This is a multi-start approach but with a limited number of trials. Maybe increasing the number of trials or using a more systematic way to generate starting points could help.

Also, the objective function computation involves a convolution, which can be computationally intensive for each iteration, especially when n_points is large. However, since the discretization is relatively small (n=45), it's manageable.

Wait, in the previous code, each time it runs SLSQP, it starts from a perturbed version of the best_h. Maybe I can add more perturbations or use a different perturbation strategy. Alternatively, using a covariance matrix adaptation (like CMA-ES) could help in exploring the parameter space more effectively, but I'm not sure if scipy supports that.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of a set of values (the convolution at different lags), maybe a constrained optimization approach where each lag's contribution is considered could work. For example, iteratively reducing the largest contributions.

Wait, perhaps using an exterior point method or adding constraints for each lag to not exceed a certain threshold and then tightening those constraints over time. But this might complicate the optimization, as each iteration could add more constraints.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be viewed as a minimax problem, which can sometimes be approached using duality or other methods. But I'm not sure about the exact dual formulation here.

Looking back, I think the key is to use a more effective optimization strategy. The initial approach uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. It's possible that the initial starting points are not good enough, leading to local minima. So, using a global optimization method or a more sophisticated multi-start approach might yield better results.

Another idea: since h must integrate to 1, maybe using a Lagrange multiplier approach could enforce this constraint more tightly. But the previous method already uses a linear constraint for this, so I'm not sure.

Wait, in the previous code, adjust_sum is used to correct the sum, but it's possible that after cliping, the sum is slightly off, leading to discrepancies. Maybe a better way to enforce the sum constraint is needed, such as using a more precise rescaling method.

I think the strategy should focus on the following points:

1. Use a more effective optimization algorithm, possibly global or a combination of global and local methods.
2. Improve the initialization strategy, possibly starting from the initial_h_values but also trying different starting points.
3. Better handle the constraints to ensure feasibility throughout the optimization process.
4. Optimize the search process to avoid getting stuck in local minima by using intelligent perturbation or adaptive strategies.

So, for the implementation, perhaps using a multi-start method where each start is a perturbed version of the initial solution, combined with a different solver. Maybe using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration, then refining with a gradient-based method.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach could explore the solution space more effectively, moving particles based on their own best and the global best, while maintaining constraints.

But since scipy's minimize doesn't support PSO, maybe I can implement a simple version. However, given the time constraints, it's better to stick with simpler methods that can be integrated with scipy.

Another approach is to represent h in a way that ensures the sum constraint is automatically satisfied. For example, using a simplex representation where each h[i] is a variable, and the sum is controlled through a projection step.

Wait, perhaps using a parameterization where h is represented in terms of variables that are subject to fewer constraints. For example, using a logistic function or something else to map unconstrained variables into [0,1], but that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, since h is a step function with n_points samples, each h[i] is between 0 and 1, and the sum is fixed, maybe the variables can be transformed into a simplex. For example, h can be expressed in terms of variables that sum to a certain value, but this might not directly apply here.

I think the main issue is the optimization getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using a temperature-based approach or simulated annealing could help, allowing the optimizer to escape local optima by accepting worse solutions temporarily.

Alternatively, using a constrained optimization with a merit function that penalizes constraint violations could provide a smoother optimization landscape.

Looking at the mathematical model, the objective is the maximum convolution value, which is non-linear and non-convex. The constraints are linear (sum to 1) and bound constraints (each h[i] between 0 and 1). So, the problem is a non-convex constrained optimization problem.

Given this, perhaps using a sequential convex programming approach, where at each iteration, a convex approximation of the problem is solved. But again, I'm not sure how to implement this with the available libraries.

Wait, perhaps using BFGS with bounds could be more effective, but scipy's L-BFGS-B might be limited in handling the constraints effectively, especially the linear sum constraint.

Hmm, perhaps switching the solver to 'COBYLA' could be an option, as it handles non-linear constraints and can explore more of the solution space. However, I'm not sure about the performance.

Alternatively, maybe using a more aggressive perturbation strategy, where each new starting point is a combination of the current best and a larger random perturbation, could help explore more of the space.

In any case, I think a multi-start approach is key. So, the plan is:

- Start from the initial_h_values.
- For a number of iterations, perturb the current best solution, run a local optimizer (like SLSQP), and keep track of the best solution found.
- Use a systematic way to explore different regions of the solution space to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

Additionally, I should ensure that each perturbation maintains the sum constraint to the best extent possible. Maybe using a more sophisticated correction method, such as redistributing the perturbation according to some rule that preserves the sum.

Another idea is to limit the number of perturbation trials but make each trial more effective by adjusting the perturbation size based on the current progress. For example, if progress stalls, increase the perturbation size to explore more distant regions.

Also, timing is crucial. The budget is 1100 seconds, so I need to estimate how many iterations I can perform. Each iteration runs SLSQP for a certain number of steps. The previous code had a while loop checking the time, so I can structure it similarly but maybe with a fixed number of multi-start trials.

I need to define a feasible region-preserving initialization and perturbation method. The adjust_sum function in the previous code attempts this but might not be perfect. Perhaps a better method is to ensure that after perturbation, the sum is exactly target_sum, by redistributing any excess or deficit proportionally.

So, for the perturbation step:

1. Make a copy of the current best_h.
2. Perturb each element with a small random noise, ensuring that no element goes below 0 or above 1.
3. Compute the sum of the perturbed h. If it's not exactly target_sum, redistribute the difference proportionally among the elements, multiplying each element by (target_sum / current_sum) to scale them.

But wait, scaling all elements proportionally would preserve their relative values, but it might not be the best way. Alternatively, redistribute the difference in a way that maintains sparsity or other properties of h. For example, if some elements are near 0 or 1, avoid perturbing them as much to maintain feasibility.

Alternatively, use a method where you randomly select a subset of elements to perturb, ensuring that their sum can be adjusted without affecting others too much.

But perhaps a simpler approach is to scale the perturbed h to the target_sum after clipping. For example:

perturbed_h = np.clip(perturbed_h, 0, 1)
perturbed_h = perturbed_h * target_sum / np.sum(perturbed_h)

This ensures that the sum is exactly target_sum, but it's a scaling approach which might not preserve the structure of h. However, it ensures feasibility.

In the previous code, adjust_sum tries to redistribute the perturbation without scaling, which might cause issues if the perturbation is too large. So, maybe the scaling approach is better for feasibility.

Thus, the plan is to:

1. Initialize h with initial_h_values.
2. For each iteration:
   a. Perturb h by adding Gaussian noise.
   b. Clip the perturbed h to [0,1].
   c. Scale the perturbed h to ensure the sum is target_sum.
   d. Run SLSQP to optimize from this perturbed h, with constraints.
   e. If the resulting h gives a better C5, update the best_h.

This way, each new starting point is within the feasible region and might explore different regions of the solution space.

I also need to consider the computational cost. Each run of SLSQP could take a significant amount of time, especially as n_points increases. However, since the previous code was using n=45, perhaps a higher n isn't needed, but if it is, I need to balance the resolution with the computation time.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the objective function. The convolution can be precomputed more efficiently, perhaps by using FFT-based methods, which could speed up the evaluation of the objective function. However, implementing FFT convolution requires careful handling of the modes and zero-padding to avoid circular convolution effects. Since the mode is 'full', the FFT approach could be beneficial if the size is large, but for n=45, it's probably not necessary.

But to ensure correctness, I must use the np.correlate function as specified, to match the evaluator. So, I should stick with it.

In summary, the strategy will involve multiple perturbations of the initial solution, each adjusted to maintain feasibility, followed by local optimization with SLSQP, keeping track of the best solution found so far. The multi-start approach should help in escaping local minima and finding a better global minimum.

I also need to ensure that the function adjust_sum is correctly handling the perturbation, perhaps by using the scaling method I just considered. This will ensure that the sum constraint is exactly satisfied after each perturbation.

Finally, I will monitor the time and terminate the loop when the budget is exhausted, returning the best h found so far.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and Rationale
We propose a multi-start optimization approach combined with a feasible region-preserving perturbation strategy to escape local minima in the non-convex Erdős overlap problem. By iteratively perturbing a feasible solution and applying a local optimizer (SLSQP), we aim to explore diverse regions of the solution space while ensuring the sum constraint is maintained. This approach targets the limitation of the previous method, which was prone to local optima.

2. Mathematical Specification
- Variables: h ∈ ℝ^n_points, where h[i] ∈ [0,1].
- Objective: Minimize C₅ = max_k (h ⋆ (1 - h))[k], with ⋆ denoting full convolution.
- Constraints: ∑ h[i] = n_points / 2, and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1.
- The feasible region is maintained via a perturbation and scaling method.

3. Implementation Procedure
a. Initialization:
1. Read initial_h_values and normalize to ensure sum(h) = n_points / 2.
2. Define dx = 2.0 / n_points.
3. Set the initial best_h to initial_h_values.

b. Perturbation and Scaling:
For each iteration:
1. Perturb best_h with Gaussian noise.
2. Clip values to [0,1].
3. Scale to ensure sum(h) = n_points / 2:
   h = h * (target_sum / h.sum())

c. Local Optimization:
1. Use SLSQP to minimize the objective starting from the perturbed h.
2. Ensure bounds and sum constraints during optimization.

d. Best Solution Update:
1. After each optimization, compute C₅.
2. Update best_h if the new solution yields a lower C₅.

e. Termination:
1. Stop when time budget is exhausted (1100s).
2. Return the best_h, its C₅, and n_points.

4. Search Choices and Variations
- Perturbation strength: Start with 0.02 and adaptively adjust.
- Initial solution: Use initial_h_values and multiple scaled perturbations.
- Heuristic: Focus on maintaining feasible solutions during perturbation.

5. Compute Budget and Robustness
- Budget allocation: 80% for perturbation-optimization loops, 20% for fallback checks.
- Robustness measures: Handle infeasible solutions by enforcing constraints post-optimization.

6. Validation and Return Contract
- Ensure sum(h) exactly equals target_sum.
- Clip h to [0,1] after each step.
- Compute final C₅ using the evaluator to validate.

The plan ensures feasibility throughout the optimization and systematically explores the solution space to find a low C₅ value.
</strategy>