<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial construction. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better construction.

First, I should understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum value of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, scaled by dx.

The previous approach tried various initial guesses and used optimization methods. Maybe I can think of different strategies. Since the previous method uses a fixed initial h_values, perhaps starting from different initializations could help avoid local minima. Also, maybe there's a better way to structure the optimization process.

Let me consider the constraints again. The function h must be a step function with values in [0,1], and the integral over [0,2] is 1. The key is to arrange the 1s and 0s (or steps) in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, or a different way of generating initial points could help. Also, maybe there's a mathematical structure that could be exploited, like symmetry or periodicity.

Wait, the problem involves maximizing the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over k. So for each k, the overlap is the area where h is 1 and 1-h is 1 (i.e., where h is 1 and h(x + k) is 0). So, to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the steps so that for any shift k, there isn't a large area where h is 1 and 1-h is 1.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals where the function is 1 such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much. So, perhaps the optimal h is a union of intervals arranged in a way that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized.

An idea is to use a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, if the function is symmetric and has a certain periodicity, maybe the overlaps can be balanced. But given that the interval is [0,2], maybe a function that repeats every certain period.

Alternatively, using multiple overlapping pulses. For example, a function that alternates between high and low regions with certain spacing. For instance, a function with three or four intervals arranged in a way that their shifts don't cause high overlaps.

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe generating initial points based on a structured pattern, like a sawtooth or pulse train, and then optimizing from there.

In the previous code, they generated pulse, saw, triangle, and random initial guesses. Maybe trying different structures could help. Also, perhaps the initial construction is not optimal, so starting from another pattern could lead to a better result.

Another thought: perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution is a global optimizer, but maybe combining it with local optimization steps could be better. However, the previous code already uses differential evolution and SLSQP.

Alternatively, using genetic algorithms? But genetic algorithms are more computationally intensive. Maybe for a smaller number of points, it's feasible. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps parallelizing or using more efficient steps could help.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem. We need to cover the interval with regions where the function is 1, such that shifting these regions by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. So, perhaps the optimal function has regions that are spaced in a way that the distance between them is larger than some threshold, leading to minimal overlap.

Alternatively, maybe arranging the function in a way that for any shift, the overlap is balanced. For example, using a function that's a combination of two or three intervals with certain widths and positions.

But how to translate this into code? Perhaps generating initial guesses based on a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts, and then adjusting the positions and widths of these intervals to optimize the overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution for the Erdős problem is known to have a value around 0.38, perhaps there's a known construction that could be used as an initial guess. Since the initial_h_values is provided, maybe it's based on such a construction, but not optimal.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given as a starting point. Maybe I can modify that. But according to the problem, I can't modify or copy it. So I need to generate new initial points.

Another approach: let's think about the overlap integral. The maximum value is determined by the largest peak in the cross-correlation. So, to minimize this, we need to arrange the h so that the cross-correlation doesn't have large peaks. This is a trade-off between the distribution of the 1s in h and their spacing.

Perhaps using a function that has multiple intervals, each of length L, arranged so that each is as far apart as possible. For example, if the function has two intervals, each of length 1, placed at 0 and 1, then shifting by 1 would lead to overlaps. But maybe with more intervals, the overlaps can be minimized.

Alternatively, using a function that is a union of intervals with varying widths. For example, three intervals placed symmetrically around the center.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using a grid search over certain parameters. However, for the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another idea is to use a structured initial guess with a certain number of intervals. For example, a function with n intervals, each of length (something), placed at positions that spread them out. Then, optimize from there.

But how to generate such a structure? For example, if the function is composed of m intervals, each of length l, then the total length is m*l. Since the integral of h is 1, and the total length is 2, then maybe m*l = 2. But this is not directly applicable since the function can have varying widths.

Alternatively, the initial guess can be a series of equally spaced pulses. For instance, for n_points, place pulses every (n_points / m) intervals, where m is the number of pulses. Then, the positions and widths can be adjusted during optimization.

But again, how to code this? Maybe the previous code already has some of these initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, etc.

Another approach: considering the problem as a constrained optimization. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is a non-convex problem. So, perhaps using a gradient-based method with some modifications.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not good enough, or the optimization steps are not efficient. Perhaps trying different initializations could lead to better results.

Also, the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Maybe trying even more structured initial guesses, or combining them in a different way.

Another possible improvement: using the fact that the optimal h is symmetric. For example, if h is symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], then the cross-correlation might have some symmetry, which could be exploited. But I'm not sure if that's necessarily the case.

Alternatively, perhaps focusing on functions with certain properties, like the sum of the 1s over [0,2] is 1. So, the function h(x) can be thought of as a probability density that's concentrated in certain regions.

Wait, the function h(x) is a step function. So, it's a piecewise constant function with values 0 or 1. Wait no, the problem says h(x) is a step function, which usually means it's piecewise constant with jumps. However, the discretization is n_points samples. So in the code, h_values is a list of n_points values in [0,1]. But the actual h(x) is a step function, meaning that between the sample points, the value is constant. Wait, but the problem says that h is a step function, but the discretization is to approximate it as samples. So perhaps the h_values is a vector of values at grid points, and the actual function is piecewise constant between them.

But the cross-correlation is computed as the integral over all possible shifts k. However, in the code, the cross-correlation is computed using numpy.correlate with mode='full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. Then, the maximum is taken, and multiplied by dx to get the integral.

So, the code is approximating the integral by sampling. The key is to find a h_values array such that the maximum of the cross-correlation (scaled by dx) is minimized.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying to use a more sophisticated optimization approach, such as Bayesian optimization, but that's not feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is a bilevel optimization. However, that's probably more complex.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps using a penalty approach where the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, but during optimization, we can try to drive this maximum down. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, so gradient-based methods might not be efficient. But maybe using a local optimizer with a smooth approximation of the maximum.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize all cross-correlations, but that's computationally expensive.

Another angle: perhaps the current code's best result is close to the target, but there's a slight improvement possible. So, perhaps adjusting parameters in the optimization process, like the population size in differential evolution, the number of iterations, or the initial guesses.

The previous code uses 5 initial guesses, then runs differential evolution for 5 times, then 20 refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses, or using different types of initial guesses, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, changing the initial guess from the known initial_h_values. But the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so perhaps I can use that as a starting point. But according to the rules, if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So, in the code, the initial h is set to initial_h_values.

Wait, looking at the previous code: the initial_h_values is used as the starting point. Then, other guesses are generated. So, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but maybe optimizing from that could yield better results.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method for the local optimization steps. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method instead of SLSQP, which is a bound-constrained optimizer. But how would that work? Because SLSQP is for general constraints, while L-BFGS-B is for bound-constrained.

Alternatively, since the problem has a single equality constraint (sum h = 1), perhaps using a method that handles that constraint more effectively. For instance, using a augmented Lagrangian method or other constrained optimization techniques.

But I think the previous code uses SLSQP for the local optimization, which is appropriate. So maybe the issue is not the method but the initial guess or the search space.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, generating a grid of possible pulse shapes with different frequencies and duty cycles, or other structured patterns, which could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal function might have certain symmetries, like being periodic or having a certain length of intervals.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a dynamic programming problem, but that seems unlikely.

Another thought: since the current target is 0.38085, which is very close to the known upper bound, perhaps a better approach is to look for a construction that is known to be better than the initial one. For example, if there are existing mathematical constructions for similar problems, they could be adapted here.

But given the time constraints, I need to focus on the code.

The previous code uses a variety of initial guesses, such as generated pulses, sawtooth, triangles with varying duty cycles, and random. Maybe I can generate more initial guesses based on different patterns, such as combinations of these.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: suppose that the optimal function h is a union of m intervals. For example, if m is 3, then maybe each interval can be placed optimally. However, solving for the optimal placement and widths would require solving a complex optimization problem.

But given that the user's code uses a discrete approach, perhaps the key is to generate initial guesses that are more likely to lead to the optimal solution.

Another idea: trying to use different numbers of points. The current code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. The user says that small sequences (less than 1k) are preferred, as they are faster. But the initial_h_values may have a certain n_points, maybe 45. If that's the case, maybe changing n_points to a smaller number could help. But the problem states that the initial_h_values is provided, so I need to work with that n_points. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a runtime input when a parent construction exists. So, in the code, the n_points is len(initial_h_values), which is probably 45. So, changing the number of points isn't possible unless the initial_h_values has a different length.

So, the code must work with the given n_points.

Now, thinking about the code structure: perhaps the previous code's steps can be optimized. For example, in the initial guesses, maybe generating more diverse ones. Also, perhaps the refinement steps can be improved.

Another possible improvement is to use more efficient parameter tuning for the SLSQP and differential evolution. For example, adjusting the options for maxiter, ftol, etc. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but allowing more precise convergence.

Alternatively, in the current code, after generating initial guesses, there's a loop that runs differential evolution with 5 iterations, then refinement. Maybe increasing the number of differential evolution iterations or refining more times could help, but that would take more time.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, I need to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for some steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the global search and then SLSQP for local refinement. However, implementing a genetic algorithm in the code could be time-consuming, but perhaps feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP in different ways.

But given that the previous code already uses differential evolution, maybe the key is to optimize the initial guesses and the refinement steps.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses Numpy's correlate function, which calculates the cross-correlation for all shifts. But this might be expensive for large n_points. Since the previous code uses n_points=45, it's manageable. But if the code can find a way to compute the maximum efficiently, perhaps it's possible to explore more candidates.

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, if we can find a way to minimize this maximum value, perhaps using a heuristic that directly targets this maximum. For example, using a genetic algorithm that selects candidates with lower maxima, or using a surrogate model.

But I need to implement this in code, possibly using the existing libraries.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better convergence. For example, generating more pulse trains with different frequencies, or other patterns.

Alternatively, trying to use a grid search over certain parameters, such as the positions and widths of intervals, but that's computationally expensive.

Another idea: using the fact that the problem is similar to scheduling or packing, where the goal is to place intervals to minimize overlap when shifted. This is similar to the problem of scheduling tasks on a machine to minimize overlaps. Maybe there are known algorithms for such problems, but I'm not familiar with them.

In terms of code changes, perhaps the following steps could be taken:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, which the previous code already does.
2. Generate a variety of structured initial guesses based on known patterns, such as periodic functions, pulses, etc.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps by adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP and differential evolution steps.
4. Increase the number of refinement steps or improve the refinement process.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guessing has several pulses, saw, triangle, and random. Maybe adding more guesses like using a different number of pulses, or varying the duty cycle in more ways.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies 1 to 3, and duties 0.2 to 0.5. Maybe trying more frequencies or other patterns could be beneficial.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses based on a more mathematical approach. For example, assuming that the optimal function consists of three intervals with certain widths and positions, then optimizing from there.

But how to generate such guesses? For example, for a three-interval function, the positions can be determined using some symmetric pattern.

Alternatively, using a more exhaustive search over a subset of parameters. However, this might not be feasible in the given time.

Another possible optimization: in the previous code, during refinement, the code calls refine multiple times. But maybe using a different refinement method, such as adaptive step size or other strategies, could help.

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. Perhaps the initial_h_values is the best starting point, and the other guesses are redundant. So, focusing more optimization steps on the initial_h_values could be better.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but the code could generate more guesses based on perturbations of that initial guess. For example, slightly modifying the initial guess and optimizing from there.

But implementing that would require generating additional guesses based on the initial_h_values, which the current code does.

In conclusion, the key steps to improve the previous code might be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, especially structured ones that are likely to lead to better results.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for better convergence.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps or use more effective refinement strategies.

In terms of code changes, perhaps adding more initial guesses with different structures, adjusting the number of iterations in differential evolution, or modifying the refinement process.

Now, I need to translate these thoughts into code changes. Let's consider modifying the initial guesses to include more patterns, such as more pulse types, or different combinations. Also, perhaps using more efficient parameters for the optimization steps.

Another possible change: instead of using multiple random guesses, which might not be optimal, maybe focus on generating guesses based on symmetric patterns or mathematical structures.

For example, creating a guess that is a triangle wave, or a sawtooth wave with a certain frequency and duty cycle. Also, perhaps creating a guess where the function has a certain number of intervals, like 3 or 4, arranged symmetrically.

Alternatively, generating a guess where the function is a combination of two pulses, each of certain widths and positions, but this requires more complex code.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to expand the initial guesses with more patterns. Let me think of possible additions.

The previous code's initial guesses include:

- Pulses with frequencies 1 to 3, duty 0.5.
- Sawtooth with frequency 3 and duties 0.2 to 0.5.
- Triangle with frequency 3 and same duties.

Maybe adding more frequencies, like 2, or varying the duty cycles more. Also, maybe adding pulse trains with varying numbers of pulses. For example, a pulse train with 4 pulses spaced periodically.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of multiple random pulses. But that is what the random guesses do.

Alternatively, creating initial guesses based on a certain mathematical function, like a sinusoidal function with certain properties.

But the previous code already uses pulse, saw, triangle, and random. Maybe adding another type of initial guess, like a square wave with specific parameters.

Alternatively, trying to generate a guess with more structured intervals. For example, evenly spaced intervals of certain widths.

But how to generate that in code?

For example, to create a function that has m intervals, each of width w, spaced evenly in the interval [0,2]. The total width would be m * w, and since the integral is 1, m * w = 1. Wait, but the integral of h(x)dx is 1, which would be equal to the sum of the lengths of the intervals (since between the intervals, h(x) is 0). So, if there are m intervals, each of width w, then m * w = 1. But in the code, h is represented as samples, so the actual length of the intervals is not directly controlled.

But if the code generates such a structure, the function could be a series of evenly spaced intervals with certain widths.

So, for example, generating a guess where the function has multiple intervals, each of width w, spaced at certain intervals. For example, for a 3-interval function, width w, spaced at positions 0, 1, 2, but this is just an example.

But how to code this? Maybe generating a function where the h values are 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, but with varying widths. But the previous code uses a more continuous approach.

Alternatively, using a pulse train with different frequencies. For example, generating a pulse with frequency 2, 3, 4, etc. But the previous code already does that.

In any case, perhaps adding more initial guesses with different structures and parameters could help. So, in the code, in the guesses list, adding more patterns.

Another possibility: using a more aggressive differential evolution with more iterations or a larger population size, but this would use more time. However, given the time budget, perhaps this is manageable.

In the current code, differential evolution is run for 5 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 10 and reducing the number of refinement steps could lead to better results.

Another possible change: in the refinement step, using a more relaxed tolerance or running for more iterations.

In the previous code, the refinement step runs 20 times. Maybe increasing this number could help, but again, it depends on time.

In conclusion, the code can be modified to include more initial guesses, adjust the optimization parameters, and increase the number of refinement steps. However, given the space and time constraints, I need to focus on making the code as efficient as possible.

The final code will need to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses, such as more structured patterns.
- Optimize using a combination of global (differential evolution) and local (SLSQP) methods.
- Refine the solution multiple times.

To implement this, I'll modify the initial_guesses generation to include more patterns. For example, adding more frequencies for pulses, varying duty cycles, and including other waveforms.

Also, I'll adjust the parameters of the optimization, such as the maxiter in SLSQP and the number of iterations for differential evolution.

Here's the plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate more initial guesses by creating pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Implement a more comprehensive set of initial guesses.
4. Use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.
5. Perform multiple refinement steps using SLSQP.

Now, coding this change.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_square(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * (1 - duty), 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.3))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_square(freq, 0.6))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(40):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```