<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The existing code uses a combination of different optimization methods, like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. The problem is to find a better approach.

First, I need to understand what's going on in the existing code. The initial_h_values are provided, which is a starting point. The code tries various guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it uses SLSQP and DE to optimize each guess. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral.

But maybe there's room for improvement. The current approach might be stuck in local minima, or maybe the methods aren't efficiently exploring the search space. Let me think about different strategies.

One idea is to use more sophisticated optimization techniques, like Bayesian optimization or genetic algorithms, which could be more effective in exploring the search space. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Another thought: the existing code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, instead of just pulses and sawtooth, maybe using other waveforms or even more structured patterns.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So, we need h(x) to be as small as possible where it overlaps with its shifted version. 

Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with more intervals, but the user mentioned that smaller n_points are preferred because they are faster. However, the existing code uses n=45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points could help? But since the user wants smaller sequences, maybe n=40 or so? But I need to check.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe combining them with other methods? Or using a different initial guess that's better.

Another idea: the existing code uses a fixed set of guesses. What if we generate more initial guesses based on some structure? For example, using periodic functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Or maybe using a combination of different shapes.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but perhaps the code should start from that and then perturb it. Or maybe use a different initial guess. However, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the code should start from that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization strategy. For example, using gradient-based methods with some constraints. But the function to minimize (the max over k of the integral) is non-smooth, so gradient-based methods might not work well. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where you want the function to avoid overlapping too much with its shifts. One approach is to use a function that is as spread out as possible. For example, a function that takes on values 0 and 1 in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. But since the function must integrate to 1 over [0,2], it's a balance between being spread out and having enough mass.

In the case of C₅, the current best is achieved with some structured patterns. Maybe using a more optimal structure, like a function with multiple levels of modularity. For example, a function that has several intervals where it's 1, and other intervals where it's 0, arranged in a way that shifts don't overlap much. But how to optimize that?

Alternatively, using a combination of different shapes. For example, combining two different pulses with different frequencies. Or using a more complex waveform that can be adjusted.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses. What if instead of generating multiple guesses based on waveforms, we use a parameterized approach where we adjust parameters to find a better function?

For example, define a function h(x) as a sum of basis functions, such as sinusoids or piecewise constants, and then optimize the parameters. But how to do this efficiently?

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a tailored fitness function. Each individual in the population is a vector of h_values, and the fitness is the C₅ value. The goal is to minimize this. However, genetic algorithms can be slow, but with a small population size and a limited number of generations, maybe it's feasible within the time budget.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For instance, using a random search with restarts. Generate random candidates, evaluate each, and keep the best one. But this might not be more efficient than the existing methods.

Wait, the existing code uses differential evolution for some steps, which is a global optimization method. Perhaps increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but within the time limit. But the code already has some steps with differential evolution.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, but maybe there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. However, that's probably already optimized.

Another point: the initial code uses SLSQP to refine the solutions. Maybe using more iterations in SLSQP could help. However, the time budget is tight.

Another idea: considering that the maximum overlap integral is a convex function? Wait, not sure. The function to minimize is the maximum of several integrals. Since each integral is a linear function in h, but the maximum of linear functions is convex. However, the constraint is also linear. So the problem is a convex optimization problem? If so, maybe using a convex method would be better. But the problem is non-convex because the objective is the maximum of several values, which is not convex.

Alternatively, maybe approximating the problem by using a gradient method with some constraints. But how to handle the maximum?

Another approach: use a different search strategy. For example, starting from the initial guess, make local perturbations and use gradient-based optimization. However, the function might have multiple local minima, so this could get stuck.

Another thought: the existing code uses 45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using n=40, which is smaller, and thus faster to compute. But the initial code uses the initial_h_values which is for n=45. Maybe the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe generating a new initial guess with fewer points, but how to ensure the integral is 1?

But how to construct a good initial guess with n points? Maybe using a structured pattern. For example, placing the 1s in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

Alternatively, using a regular pattern, such as dividing [0,2] into n equal intervals and setting h(x) to 1 in certain intervals. For example, if n is even, maybe setting 1s in alternating intervals. But the integral must be 1, so the number of intervals where h=1 should be approximately n/2 (since the total length is 2, and sum(h) must be n/2).

Wait, the sum of h multiplied by dx=2/n is equal to 1. So sum(h) = n/2.

So for example, if n is even, then we could set h=1 for exactly n/2 intervals, and 0 otherwise. But that would give a very structured function. However, the overlap might be high because shifting the function by k would cause overlaps. For example, if h is 1 on [0,1], then shifting by k=1 would have overlap on [1,2], which is 1 unit. The integral would be 1*1 = 1. But that's probably not optimal.

But maybe a more optimal arrangement of intervals where h is 1 could be better. For example, arranging the intervals so that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But how to find such an arrangement? It's similar to a scheduling problem where you want to place intervals to avoid overlap with their shifts. However, this is a continuous problem.

Alternatively, using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a sawtooth wave that has a duty cycle adjusted to minimize the overlap with its shifts. But the existing code already explores such functions.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx, perhaps for certain shifts k, this integral can be minimized. For example, if the function h has a certain period, then shifts by multiples of the period could be considered. However, since the domain is [0, 2], the shifts would be over the real line, but the integration is over the domain where x and x+k are in [0, 2].

Wait, the integral is over x in [0,2], but when k is such that x + k is also in [0, 2], which depends on k. However, the correlation is computed over all x, and the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. The correlation of h with 1-h gives the integral over all possible shifts. But I'm not sure. Wait, the correlation is computed as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)), multiplied by dx. So for each shift k, the integral is approximated by the correlation at position k * dx, multiplied by dx.

But the code computes the max over all k of the integral, which is the maximum of the correlation values times dx.

So, the goal is to minimize this maximum value.

Maybe the problem can be rephrased as finding a function h that, when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and 1-h is as small as possible. So the function needs to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions.

An approach could be to design h to be as "spread out" as possible. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that these intervals don't overlap when shifted. For instance, like a set of non-overlapping intervals that are spaced apart sufficiently.

But how to arrange them optimally? For example, if the function is 1 in n/2 intervals of length 2/(n/2) = 4/n. Wait, if n is even, then the total length of 1s would be n/2 intervals of length 2/(n) each. Wait, no— the sum(h) is n/2. Since each h[i] is multiplied by dx=2/n to get the area. So, if h[i] is 1 for a segment of length dx, then the area is 1*dx. So if we set h[i] to 1 for exactly m points, the area would be m*dx. To get the total sum to be n/2, m must be n/2. So h is 1 for exactly n/2 points. So the function is a step function with half the points at 1 and half at 0. Wait, but if the points are spaced at dx=2/n, then each point is a sample. So this would be a binary step function where half the points are 1 and half are 0.

But arranging these 1s and 0s in a certain pattern could minimize the overlap. For example, placing the 1s as uniformly as possible. The existing code uses initial_h_values which might be a structured binary pattern. If we can find such a pattern, it might yield a better C₅.

But how to design this pattern? For example, placing the 1s in a way that they are spaced out. For instance, interleaving 1s and 0s as much as possible. However, since the function is defined on [0,2], the spacing would be important.

For example, if n is even, and we alternate between 1 and 0. Then, shifting by some k would cause overlaps. But the maximum overlap might be lower than other patterns.

But how to test this? For example, if n=40, then dx=0.05. If we have 20 ones and 20 zeros, placed alternately. The maximum overlap integral would be when k is such that the shifted 1s overlap with the existing 1s. For instance, shifting by 0.5*dx, which would cause each 1 to be shifted into the next position, which is 0. The overlap would be minimal. But in reality, the shift would cause some overlap.

Alternatively, maybe a better pattern is to have clusters of 1s separated by zeros. But without knowing the optimal arrangement, it's hard to say.

Another idea: using a randomized approach. For example, generate a binary function with half 1s and half 0s, but with some randomness. Then optimize it by adjusting the positions of 1s to minimize the overlap. But how to do that efficiently?

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where the chromosomes are the positions of 1s, and the fitness is the C₅ value. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

But the existing code uses a combination of different guesses. Perhaps the approach should be modified to try different structured patterns more effectively.

Wait, the current code uses a lot of different waveform generators. For example, pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe those are not the most effective. Let me think: a pulse with certain frequency might not be optimal. Maybe a better approach is to use a combination of different elements.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, the current code uses SLSQP which is a local optimizer. What if using a different method with better exploration?

Another angle: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap across all shifts, maybe focusing on specific shifts that are known to contribute more to the maximum. For example, in the existing code, the overlap for k=1 and k=0.5 might be critical. Thus, adjusting the function to minimize these specific overlaps could lead to a better global solution.

But how to find which shifts are most critical? Perhaps by analyzing the correlation for different k values.

Alternatively, using a more guided optimization approach, where during optimization, the algorithm focuses on reducing the worst-case overlap.

But integrating that into the optimization process would require more complex methods.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The existing code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all shifts. However, since the domain is [0,2], the shifts that matter are between -2 and 2. For the correlation, the full mode gives the shift from -n+1 to n-1, but when multiplied by dx, it might capture the required shifts. However, I'm not sure about the exact range. But maybe the maximum occurs for certain shifts that are within the domain.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs for shifts that are multiples of dx. However, that might not be the case.

Another thought: the current code uses a lot of initial guesses based on creating functions like pulses, triangles, sawtooth. These may not be the best starting points. Perhaps a better initial guess could be a binary function with 1s and 0s arranged in a certain way, such as a convolutional code or something similar.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and then performing some modifications. For example, perturbing it slightly and optimizing.

Given the time constraints, maybe the existing approach can be improved by making the following changes:

1. Use a different initial guess that is more promising. For example, instead of the initial_h_values, use a structured binary pattern that is more spread out.

2. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with better tuning of parameters.

3. Try more diverse initial guesses, such as different frequencies or duty cycles.

4. Combine different optimization steps, like using differential evolution for exploration and then refining with SLSQP.

But the existing code already has some of these. Perhaps the main issue is that the initial guess might not be the best and that generating more initial guesses could help.

Wait, the existing code generates various guesses based on different waveforms. But maybe there's a better way to generate these guesses. For example, using different frequencies and duty cycles, or even more complex patterns.

Alternatively, the code could use a different approach for generating initial guesses. For instance, using a hybrid of pulse and triangle waves, or generating random binary patterns.

Another idea: instead of starting from initial_h_values, perhaps generating a better initial guess. For example, creating a binary step function where the 1s are placed as evenly as possible. For instance, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced as much as possible.

For example, with n=40 points, placing the 1s and 0s alternately. But if n is even, that would be possible. But how to do that algorithmically?

In code, for a given n, we can create a binary array where the 1s are placed every other element. However, this might not be optimal. Alternatively, using a more flexible arrangement.

But the problem is that the initial_h_values may be the best start. However, perhaps generating a new initial guess with a more even distribution could help.

But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So maybe that's the starting point.

Another thought: the existing code uses a lot of different guesses but may not be efficiently exploring the search space. Maybe the code should focus on a smaller set of guesses and optimize them more thoroughly.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can efficiently search the parameter space. However, implementing Bayesian optimization within the code may be complex, especially with the constraints.

But given the time, perhaps the code can be modified to use a different optimization strategy, such as using a different initial guess and more aggressive optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the optimization. For example, using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with a different method, like the 'Nelder-Mead' method. However, this is a local optimizer and may not find the global minimum.

Another approach is to use a combination of methods. For example, using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then using a local optimizer to refine it.

Another idea: the existing code uses differential evolution for some steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution could lead to better results.

In the existing code, differential evolution is called with popsize=60, maxiter=60, which is a relatively high number. However, within the time budget, maybe increasing the maxiter or using a larger population could help. But with time constraints, this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different number of points. For example, using a smaller n (like 40) instead of 45, which could allow faster computations. But the initial_h_values may be for n=45, so perhaps changing the initial guess to a different n.

But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps using a smaller n is better.

However, the initial code uses the initial_h_values, which is for n=45. So unless we have a better initial guess, changing n might not be helpful.

Another idea: instead of using the existing initial guesses, use a more intelligent way to generate initial guesses. For example, using the initial_h_values and then applying a transformation to it, like rotating or shifting the pattern.

But without knowing what the initial_h_values looks like, it's hard to say. However, assuming that the initial_h_values is a good starting point, the code could try to refine it further.

Another approach: instead of using multiple different waveform guesses, focus on a few that are more likely to provide a good solution. For example, using a combination of pulses and triangle waves with varying parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing certain values or vectorizing the operations to make it faster.

But the existing code uses np.correlate, which is already optimized. Maybe the code can compute the correlation in a vectorized way, but it's already using numpy functions.

Another possible improvement: precompute all possible shifts and their corresponding integrals. But for a given h, this would require O(n^2) time, which might be prohibitive for large n. However, for small n (like 45), it's manageable.

But the existing code uses np.correlate, which is O(n^2), and then takes the maximum. So that's already efficient.

Given all that, perhaps the existing code is already doing a good job, but there's room for improvement by changing the initial guesses or the optimization steps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the code should focus on certain shifts that are known to be the worst. For example, if the maximum overlap occurs for shifts by 0.5 units, then focusing on minimizing that particular shift.

But how to identify which shifts are critical? This requires analyzing the current h_values. However, the code has to do this dynamically during the optimization process.

In summary, possible improvements to the existing code:

1. Generate more diverse and potentially better initial guesses, such as structured binary patterns, different waveform combinations, or other optimized patterns.

2. Use more efficient optimization methods, possibly with better hyperparameters, like using a different solver with more iterations or better tolerance.

3. Focus on refining the best solutions found with more aggressive optimization steps.

4. Use a different number of points (smaller n) for faster evaluation, provided that the initial guess can be generated accordingly.

But given the existing code and the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the code to generate more effective initial guesses and optimize them more effectively.

So, modifying the code to generate different initial guesses, maybe using binary patterns, and adjusting the optimization steps. For example, using a binary pattern with 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values and applying some perturbations to it. For instance, randomly flipping some points to 0 or 1 and then optimizing.

Another idea: in the existing code, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but the code could start with that and then perform a more thorough optimization, perhaps using a different method like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which are easier to handle with bounds.

But the current code uses SLSQP. Maybe changing the method could help. However, SLSQP is generally good for constrained optimization.

Another thought: the existing code uses a fixed number of guesses and then refines them with SLSQP. Perhaps the number of guesses can be increased or the diversity of the guesses can be improved by generating more different patterns.

For example, instead of generating sawtooth and triangle waves, maybe generating more complex patterns, or using random permutations of 1s and 0s with certain properties.

But generating random permutations might not be effective.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate initial guesses. For example, using a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase, or a square wave with specific parameters.

In the existing code, the function gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle are used, which could be extended. For example, generating a combination of multiple pulses with varying frequencies.

But without knowing the exact initial_h_values, it's hard to know if those are the best.

Another possible improvement is to use a different way to compute the objective function. For instance, instead of using np.correlate for all shifts, compute only the shifts that are likely to be maximum. But how to determine which shifts to compute?

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function, such as using the fast Fourier transform (FFT) to compute the convolution. Since the convolution of h with (1-h) can be computed using FFT, which might be faster for large n. But for n=45, this might not be a big difference. However, it's worth considering.

The FFT method for convolution would be O(n log n) compared to O(n^2) for the direct method. However, for small n, the difference is negligible, but it might be worth exploring.

Let me think: the current code uses np.correlate which is O(n^2). Using FFT would require:

- Taking the FFT of h and (1-h).
- Multiplying them element-wise.
- Taking the inverse FFT to get the convolution.
- The maximum value of the result multiplied by dx would be the objective function.

This could be faster for larger n. However, for n=45, it's not a big deal. But for the purposes of optimization, perhaps using FFT could allow more efficient computation, allowing for more evaluations per second.

But the existing code's evaluate_erdos_solution function is pre-imported, so the user might have already implemented this. However, in the current code, the corr is computed via numpy's correlate, which is efficient. So perhaps there's no need to change this.

Another idea: during the optimization process, using a more accurate method to compute the objective function. For example, using a numerical quadrature with more points. However, the existing code uses the discrete samples, which is already an approximation.

In conclusion, the most promising improvements are to generate better initial guesses and use a more efficient optimization strategy. Given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on generating a better initial guess and using a more effective optimization method could help.

Therefore, modifying the code to:

- Use a different initial guess, such as a structured binary pattern.
- Generate a wider variety of initial guesses.
- Use a more effective optimization method, like combining differential evolution with SLSQP.
- Perform more thorough refinement steps.

But since the code is already using multiple methods, perhaps the main change would be to use a different initial guess and optimize it more thoroughly.

For example, instead of the initial_h_values provided, generate a better starting guess. But the user says the initial_h_values is provided, and the code should use it. So assuming that the initial_h_values is a good starting point.

Alternatively, the code could try modifying the initial_h_values by applying some transformation, like smoothing or adjusting the positions of 1s.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. The existing code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Another approach is to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using a local optimizer like the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free and can be effective for certain problems.

Alternatively, combining different optimization steps and adjusting their parameters.

Given the complexity, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by changing the initial guesses and using more effective optimization steps. However, the existing code is already quite comprehensive.

Another idea is to parallelize the optimization, but since there's only one CPU, that's not possible.

In the end, to improve the code, perhaps combining the initial_h_values with some additional guesses and optimizing them more thoroughly. For example, using the initial_h_values and then using differential evolution to find a better solution.

But the existing code already does this.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For instance, using vectorized operations or precomputing some values. However, the current code uses np.correlate which is already efficient.

Therefore, considering all the above, perhaps the code can be improved by generating a better initial guess, such as a binary pattern, and then refining it with a more aggressive optimization method.

But the user says to use the initial_h_values as a starting point. So the code should start with that and then try to improve it.

Given that, the final code might involve adjusting the initial guesses and using a more efficient optimization strategy. However, without being able to change the initial guess, the existing code is already using it.

In the context of writing the code, given the time and constraints, the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution or SLSQP, or generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, using more different waveform types or adjusting their parameters.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method, such as generating random binary patterns with some constraints.

But given the time, the existing code is the best approach, and perhaps the main change is to use a different initial guess or adjust the optimization parameters.

However, the user's previous code achieves C₅ = 0.381142, and the target is to get below 0.380876. So there's room for improvement.

Another possibility is to use a different approach to the optimization problem. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum overlap, use a different formulation.

But this is the main task: to find an improved upper bound.

In summary, the code should focus on:

1. Using the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generating more effective initial guesses.

3. Using a more efficient optimization strategy, possibly with better parameters.

4. Refining the best solutions with more aggressive optimization steps.

Thus, modifying the code to do these steps would be the way to go.

But how to implement this in code?

The existing code already has a section where various guesses are generated. Adding more guesses might help. For example, generating more random patterns, or more structured patterns.

Alternatively, in the code, when generating the initial guesses, the code uses several functions. Perhaps adding more structured guesses, like a combination of pulse and triangle waves.

Another idea: using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with different frequencies and phases. This might allow for more complex patterns that minimize the overlap.

But this would require generating more guesses, which could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, the code could use a more focused approach, such as focusing on a particular type of waveform that is known to be good for minimizing overlap.

In the end, based on the analysis, the code should be adjusted to generate more effective initial guesses and optimize them more thoroughly. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps and using a more sophisticated initial guess.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_binary(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_modulated(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_binary(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.5, 0.75]:
        guesses.append(gen_modulated(3, duty))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```