<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute this integral, take the maximum over all k, and that's C₅. We want to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then, it applied SLSQP and DE optimization. But maybe there's a smarter way to generate initial guesses or optimize.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to find a better initial function. For example, maybe using a more structured pattern, like a combination of pulses or other waveforms that balance the overlaps. Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach to place intervals where the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. We need to place intervals in [0,2] such that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. Since the integral of h is 1, it's like covering the interval with some measure.

Wait, perhaps using a more regular pattern. For example, a function that has evenly spaced intervals. But since the interval is [0,2], maybe dividing it into equal parts. However, the previous code used 45 points, which is an odd number. Maybe trying a different number of points could help? But the user mentioned smaller sequences are better for speed. So maybe using 100 points? Wait, the previous code used n_points=45. Wait, the initial_h_values may have 45 points. The problem says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, so maybe trying with 100 points would be better, but the initial code's initial_h_values is 45.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess isn't optimal. The previous code used initial_h_values and then tried various waveforms. But maybe a better starting point could be generated using some other method.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over different shifts, maybe the optimal h function should be designed such that for all shifts k, the product h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is minimized. This seems related to the concept of a "balanced" function where no shift leads to a high overlap.

Perhaps, instead of trying random or waveform-based initial guesses, we can use a more systematic approach. For example, using a non-uniform spacing of intervals to minimize overlap. Or perhaps using a greedy algorithm where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, consider that the problem can be transformed into an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum over k of the integral. This is a minimax problem, which can be challenging to solve with standard methods. However, perhaps we can approximate it with a differentiable function and use gradient-based optimization.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe the problem is that the current approach is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps a better strategy is to try multiple different initial guesses and combine their results. Or use a more global optimization method.

Wait, the previous code tried several initial guesses: pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe we can try more structured initializations, like using a combination of blocks or using a Fourier-based approach to generate a periodic function that covers the interval optimally.

Another idea: perhaps using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that has a high frequency but balanced duty cycle. For example, a pulse train that repeats but with varying duty cycles.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap region is maximized. For example, shifting by half the interval might be critical. So maybe the optimal function avoids having peaks that are too close to each other.

Wait, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If h is a step function, then this would be the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each k, we need to minimize the overlap between h and its shifted complement.

So, for h(x) to be a step function (like a set of intervals), the overlap with h(x + k) would be the measure of x where both h(x) and h(x + k) are 1, times 0 (since it's 1 - h(x +k))... Wait no. Wait the integral is h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)). So when h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 1, the term is 1*(1 - 1) = 0. When h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, the term is 1*1 = 1. When h(x) is 0, it's 0. So the integral is equal to the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0.

So, the problem is equivalent to choosing h (a measure of 1 on [0,2]) such that for any shift k, the measure of overlap between h and the complement of (h shifted by k) is minimized. That is, the overlap between h and the region where h is 0 after shifting.

This is similar to the concept of a shift-invariant set, where the measure of overlap is minimized for all shifts.

So perhaps the optimal function h is such that when you shift it, the regions where h is 1 and the shifted h is 0 are as small as possible. This seems like a problem related to covering the space with intervals that don't overlap too much when shifted.

So perhaps a good approach is to design h such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and (shifted h's complement) is small. For example, h could be a set of intervals arranged in a way that when shifted, they avoid overlapping with their original positions.

If h is a set of non-overlapping intervals, then shifting by k might cause overlaps. So maybe the optimal h is a collection of intervals that are spaced in a way that prevents overlap when shifted. But how to model that.

Perhaps using a lacunary sequence or some spacing that avoids overlaps. Alternatively, using a function that is periodic but with a certain period that makes overlapping shifts less likely.

Alternatively, since the domain is [0,2], we can consider that the shift k is in the same domain. For example, when k is 0, the integral is zero because it's 1 * (1 - 1) = 0. The integral for k=0 is zero. But for other shifts, we have to compute.

Wait, the integral for each k, so for example, when h is a single interval, say [a, b], then the overlap for a shift k would be the measure of x where x ∈ [a, b] and x +k ∉ [a, b]. But this depends on k. Maybe making h as a union of intervals that are spaced apart so that their shifted versions do not overlap with them.

But how to choose such intervals optimally?

Alternatively, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization strategy. The previous code used SLSQP and DE, but maybe using a combination of methods or refining the hyperparameters.

Another idea: instead of trying all the initial guesses, focus on generating more diverse initial solutions. For example, using a combination of different waveforms with varying parameters, or using a random initial solution with some structure.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so getting trapped in local minima is a big issue. Therefore, using multiple optimization strategies and combining their results might help. For example, after generating several initial guesses, combining them through some averaging or other method.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, like a genetic algorithm, but given the time constraints, maybe it's not feasible. However, the previous code already used DE (differential evolution), which is a global optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses DE with a population of 60 and maxiter 60. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but that might take more time. However, since the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps we can optimize the parameters to fit within that.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run DE to find a good initial guess, then apply SLSQP to refine it. That's what the previous code does. Maybe adjusting the parameters of DE and SLSQP could yield better results.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, but maybe generating more diverse initial solutions could help. For example, instead of just a few different waveform patterns, perhaps generate a bunch of random initial solutions with different structures.

But generating a lot of initial solutions might be computationally expensive. However, since the time is limited, it's a trade-off.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, which is the current construction. Maybe using that as a starting point and then applying some local optimization steps.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and trying to perturb it to find a better solution.

Another consideration: the initial_h_values may have a certain structure that is not optimal. Perhaps modifying it by adding or removing certain intervals, or adjusting the spacing between intervals.

For example, maybe the initial solution has some overlapping regions when shifted, so modifying it to spread the intervals more evenly could reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement this. Maybe using an optimization method that can adjust the positions and widths of intervals to minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate, but perhaps there's a more efficient way, especially for certain types of h functions.

Wait, the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). If the function h is piecewise constant (i.e., a step function), then for each shift k, the integral can be computed by finding the regions where x is in [a, b] and x +k is not in [a, b], then integrating over those regions.

But calculating this for all k might be computationally intensive. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. So perhaps that's the way to go.

Another thing: the problem requires that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. This is equivalent to the sum over h_values * dx = 1, so sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, the constraints are handled by the optimization.

Now, considering the previous code's approach, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses and optimize them more effectively. For example, instead of using a fixed set of initial guesses, using a more systematic way to generate initial points.

Another idea: using a randomized approach where we generate initial h functions with certain properties. For example, creating a function that is periodic with a certain period, or that has a certain symmetry.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm: start with an empty function, add intervals one by one, choosing each new interval to minimize the maximum overlap with existing intervals. But this might be too slow for a large number of points.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach to explore the space more thoroughly. However, integrating that into the code could be complex.

But given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on tuning the parameters of DE and SLSQP, and generating more diverse initial guesses is more feasible.

Wait, the previous code's DE has maxiter=60 and popsize=60. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or popsize could improve the result, but that might take more time. However, if the budget allows, perhaps adjusting these parameters.

Wait, the user has a time budget of 100 seconds. The previous code has a loop that runs DE multiple times, but in the code, the DE runs for 5 times with maxiter=60. Maybe adjusting these parameters could be helpful.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is expensive to compute. Maybe approximating it or finding a way to compute it more efficiently could help, but I think the code already uses the most efficient way.

So, to improve, perhaps generating better initial guesses. Let me think: the previous code uses several waveform-based initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and random. Maybe adding more types of waveforms or varying parameters further.

Alternatively, using a combination of pulses and other patterns. For example, using multiple pulses with different frequencies and phases.

Alternatively, trying to find a function that is self-similar or has some fractal structure to minimize overlaps.

But maybe that's too abstract. Another approach: given that the interval is [0,2], perhaps splitting it into smaller intervals and assigning h(x) as 1 in certain regions. For example, dividing [0,2] into three parts, but arranging them optimally.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal solution for C₅ might have a structure similar to the current record. For example, using a function that has overlapping regions that are spread out.

Wait, the previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876. So there's a small improvement possible. Maybe the current code's initial guess is not sufficient, and by generating a better initial solution, we can achieve a better result.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated method to generate the initial guesses. For example, instead of pulses and sawtooth, use a Fourier series approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which may relate to minimizing certain Fourier coefficients. But how?

Alternatively, using a convex optimization approach, but the problem is non-convex because of the max over the correlations.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm. But given the time constraints and the need to fit within the 100s budget, perhaps not.

Wait, the user's code already uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe the problem is that the initial random guesses aren't good enough. So, instead of generating random initial guesses, maybe applying a specific pattern that is more likely to lead to a good solution.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap for any shift, perhaps we can model it as a problem where we have to balance the overlaps for different shifts. For example, trying to equalize the overlaps for different shifts, which might lead to a lower maximum.

But how to model that in an optimization problem. Maybe using a penalty function that punishes large overlaps, but that's similar to what the code already does.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based optimization with a more accurate objective function. The current code uses the maximum of the correlation, which is non-differentiable in some points. However, using the max function in the objective makes it challenging for gradient-based methods. So perhaps using a smooth approximation for the maximum.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints. However, the max function is a challenge. Maybe re-defining the objective function to be the maximum of the correlations, but since the max is not differentiable, the gradient might not be accurate, leading to suboptimal results.

So, maybe a better approach is to use a smoother approximation of the maximum. However, this may complicate the implementation.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient way to compute the maximum, for example, by checking only the shifts that are most likely to have maximum values. For example, in the interval [0,2], the shifts that are likely to cause maximum overlap are around certain values, like the shifts that align with the spacing of the intervals in h.

But without knowing the structure of h, it's hard to predict.

Another idea: when optimizing, focus on a subset of shifts that are most critical, instead of checking all possible shifts. For example, the maximum overlap might occur for shifts that correspond to certain relative positions between the intervals in h. So, perhaps only checking a few shifts during the optimization steps.

But this requires knowing which shifts are important, which depends on the current structure of h. This might be too dynamic to implement.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the convolution of the signal with the reversed version. However, the overlap integral for shift k is the convolution between h and (1-h) at position k. But I'm not sure about the exact correspondence. Wait, the correlation of h with (1-h) would give the integral of h(x)(1-h(x +k)) dx for various shifts. But the exact correspondence depends on the mode.

In the current code, the line is:

corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')

So, for a signal h_vals of length n, the 'full' mode returns a result of length 2n-1. Each position corresponds to a shift. However, the exact correspondence between the index of the correlation and the shift k is important. For example, the center of the correlation might correspond to k=0.

But for our purposes, the code correctly computes the maximum of these values. However, the correlation might not be the most accurate way to compute the integral for all shifts. For example, the correlation might be accurate, but due to the step function's discrete nature, there might be some inaccuracies. However, this is probably negligible compared to the optimization time.

So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization strategy and initial guesses.

Another idea: since the current best is very close to the target, perhaps making small changes to the initial guess and fine-tuning it could lead to a better result.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple pulses with different phases and amplitudes.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. However, the previous code's initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which may not be the best.

So, perhaps the key is to create a better initial guess than the current one. How? Maybe by generating a function that balances the overlaps.

For example, perhaps a function that has equal-sized intervals spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. For instance, dividing [0,2] into equal parts, like 4 intervals, but adjusting the spacing to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series of a square wave with certain properties. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle that minimizes the maximum overlap for shifts.

But how to implement this in code.

Alternatively, let's think about the previous code's structure. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates several initial guesses. Then runs SLSQP on all of them. Perhaps the initial guesses aren't sufficient, and generating more diverse or better guesses could help.

For example, instead of using pulsed functions for frequencies 3-14, perhaps trying different frequencies and duty cycles. Also, using more types of functions, like using cosine-based functions or other patterns.

Another idea: the current code generates random guesses, which may not be optimal. Maybe using a better random initialization, like a random but structured initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a combination of the initial guess and random perturbations. For example, starting from the initial guess and adding small random variations, then optimizing.

But again, this may not be sufficient.

Alternatively, given the time constraints, trying to optimize the parameters in the existing code. For example, increasing the number of iterations in DE or the number of initial guesses.

But the code already runs DE multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or the population size could lead to better results.

Another Idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap over all shifts, perhaps we can consider that the optimal solution should have the same overlap for all shifts, or at least balance them. So, if we can find a function h where the maximum overlap is as small as possible and is equalized across all shifts, that would be ideal.

But how to enforce this constraint. It's a global constraint that's hard to model.

Alternatively, using a formulation where the maximum overlap is minimized, but the optimization is done using a more efficient method. For example, using a surrogate function that approximates the max overlap, making the optimization problem differentiable.

But again, this is complex.

Another thought: Perhaps the current code's use of SLSQP and DE is sufficient, but the initial guesses are not diverse enough. So, perhaps adding more initial guesses based on different patterns could help. For example, using different frequency components or more diverse waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different approach to generate the initial guesses. For example, generating random functions that are made of pulses with varying positions and widths.

But without generating too many, to save time.

In terms of code changes, maybe generating additional initial guesses, or adjusting the way existing guesses are generated. For example, varying the frequencies and duty cycles more extensively.

Another Idea: Since the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses, maybe varying the parameters of the generated functions, such as using more frequencies for the pulses, or different duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.

Also, perhaps the current code's DE is not efficient enough. For example, using a larger population size and more iterations might improve the chances of finding a good solution, but this takes time.

But given the time budget, the previous code already runs DE for 5 times with maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the number of generations (maxiter) and population size could help, but may require careful tuning.

Another Idea: The initial_h_values may be a good starting point. So, perhaps starting optimization from there and using a more refined method. The previous code uses SLSQP to refine the solution after DE. But perhaps using more iterations or better parameters.

Additionally, after obtaining a good solution, applying multiple refinement steps with SLSQP, as the previous code does.

Now, considering the code structure. The current code generates several initial guesses, applies DE, then SLSQP. Then, runs more DE and SLSQP refinements.

To improve, perhaps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, especially patterns that are not used previously.

2. Use more robust optimization parameters.

3. Consider using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm.

But since the code is supposed to be concise and fit within the time budget, it's better to stick with existing methods.

Another Idea: Using a different way to compute the overlap. For example, instead of using np.correlate, compute the overlap for each shift manually. But this would take more time and may not be better.

Alternatively, vectorizing the computation to make it faster. But I think the current code already uses efficient numpy operations.

Another Idea: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, maybe the optimal h has certain properties, like being symmetric or periodic. For example, a function that is symmetric around 1.0 in the interval [0,2]. Maybe designing such a function as an initial guess.

For example, a function that is 1 in the middle of the interval and 0 on the edges, but this may not be optimal.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap for certain shifts may be dictated by the function's peaks. So, if the function is designed to have peaks spaced apart enough to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to implement this.

Alternatively, using a two-interval solution. For example, splitting [0,2] into two intervals, say [0, 1) and [1,2), each of length 1. Then, the overlap integral for shifts would be calculated based on the overlap between these intervals. But this may not be optimal. However, this is a simple case, but perhaps more complex patterns are needed.

Another Idea: Since the previous code's result is very close to the target, perhaps trying to tweak the initial solution incrementally. For example, using the initial_h_values and performing a gradient descent with a learning rate to minimize the maximum overlap.

But with the current code, using SLSQP and DE is already done.

Hmm. Perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. So, maybe generating a function that is a combination of pulses with different widths and positions, designed to minimize overlaps.

But without knowing exactly how to generate it, it's challenging.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy by focusing on the most critical shifts. For example, determining which shifts contribute the most to the maximum overlap and prioritizing their optimization.

But integrating this into the code might require additional computation.

At this point, I think the best approach is to refine the existing code by generating more diverse initial guesses and possibly adjusting the parameters of the DE and SLSQP optimizations. Additionally, using a better initial guess based on known patterns or structures that could lead to lower C₅ values.

So, perhaps adding more initial guesses with different parameters, such as varying frequencies, duty cycles, etc. Also, trying different waveforms such as a frequency-modulated signal or a series of pulses arranged in a specific pattern.

Another Idea: Since the initial_h_values may not be optimal, try starting from it and applying more aggressive optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of SLSQP iterations or using a different optimization method.

In code, perhaps changing the method from SLSQP to another method, like Sequential Least Squares Programming with tighter tolerances.

But the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe adjusting this could help.

Alternatively, using a different constraint formulation. The constraint is np.sum(h) = n_points / 2, which is handled as an equality constraint.

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses to explore different regions of the solution space.

2. Tune the parameters of the optimization methods (DE and SLSQP) to find better solutions within the time budget.

3. Refine the initial guess and apply more aggressive optimization steps.

Given the time constraints and the need to keep the code concise, I'll proceed to adjust the code by generating more initial guesses and optimizing the parameters of the DE and SLSQP methods. Additionally, modifying the initial guesses to include more varied patterns.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * (x - phase))
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * (x - phase) - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty, phase):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * (x - phase) - 1) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 14):
        for phase in np.linspace(0, 1, 5):
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5, phase))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        for phase in np.linspace(0, 1, 5):
            guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty, phase))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        for phase in np.linspace(0, 1, 5):
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty, phase))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
        guesses[-1] = guesses[-1] / np.sum(guesses[-1]) * target_sum

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```