<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085. The previous code used a combination of generating different waveforms and optimization methods. But perhaps I can find a more efficient way to explore the search space.

Hmm, the initial_h_values is provided. Let me check what that looks like. Wait, the user said to use initial_h_values directly if available. So I should start with that. Maybe there's a way to refine that initial solution more effectively.

The previous approach used SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe using a combination of different optimization techniques, or adjusting parameters could help. Also, considering that the previous solution had a C₅ of ~0.381142, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876. So I need to find a better solution.

Another idea: instead of trying random guesses, perhaps using a more structured approach. For example, using a greedy algorithm where we iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. Or maybe using gradient-based methods with better step sizes.

Wait, but the function is non-convex, and optimization can get stuck in local minima. So maybe trying multiple initial points and using more sophisticated optimization techniques.

What about using a genetic algorithm? The previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe tweaking the parameters of that, like increasing the population size or mutation rates, could lead to better results. But I need to make sure it runs within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, but that might be slower. Or perhaps combining different methods. Also, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use some symmetry or mathematical properties to guide the search.

Another thought: the overlap integral involves shifting the function by different k values. The maximum over all k. So the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap with 1-h is minimized. This sounds similar to a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that has minimal cross-correlation with its shifts. Maybe there's a known structure for such signals?

For example, in coding theory, sequences with low cross-correlation are studied. Perhaps using a binary sequence with certain autocorrelation properties. But since this is a continuous function, maybe there's a way to discretize such properties.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals. The initial solution uses a step function with certain patterns. Maybe adjusting the positions and widths of the steps to reduce overlap.

Wait, the previous code used different pulse and sawtooth functions. Maybe trying more structured patterns, like using a combination of pulses and anti-pulses in a periodic fashion. Or creating a function that has equal density over time but with certain spacing to minimize overlap.

Another approach is to use mathematical optimization with constraints. The problem has a constraint that the integral of h is 1. So maybe using Lagrange multipliers to find the optimal function. But since it's a high-dimensional problem, that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, since the function is a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. The previous solution uses a discretized version, so perhaps trying to optimize the positions and lengths of these intervals.

But how to model that? Maybe formulating it as a problem of choosing positions where h is 1, and the rest 0, then optimizing their placement. However, the problem allows for h to take values between 0 and 1, not just binary values. So it's more flexible, but also more complex.

Another idea: using symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], maybe that can help in reducing overlaps. The previous code may not have considered this. So maybe generating symmetric initial guesses.

Also, considering that the overlap integral is taken over all k, which in the discretized case corresponds to shifts by dx. So for each shift, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k dx)). But when k ranges over all possible shifts, the maximum of this integral is what we need to minimize.

Wait, but when you use the correlate function in numpy, it's a convolution, but with mode 'full', which gives all possible overlaps. So the correlating h and 1-h, then taking the maximum value. So the max of that is the maximum overlap integral.

So the problem reduces to making sure that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

Another approach is to use a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that has high values in regions that are spaced apart, so shifting it would cause less overlap with the 1-h part. For instance, a function that alternates between high and low values periodically.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. Let me think how that could be structured. If the initial solution is a step function with certain patterns, maybe modifying those patterns by adjusting the step sizes or positions.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. Let's think about the integral:

For each k, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx.

This can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since the first term is the integral of h, which is 1, so the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over all k.

So, the problem becomes finding a function h that maximizes the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x+k) over all k. This is equivalent to making the auto-correlation of h as large as possible for all shifts, but we want to maximize the minimal value.

Alternatively, the original problem is to minimize the maximum (1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx) over k, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

So, perhaps this is a problem of constructing a function with high auto-correlation, but spread out over the interval. Wait, but that seems contradictory. Wait, no. The auto-correlation is the integral of h(x) h(x + k), which for the original problem is (1 - max overlap). So maximizing this value would minimize the max overlap.

So the goal is to find h such that for any shift k, the auto-correlation is as large as possible. So the function h should be designed so that when shifted, it overlaps as much as possible with itself. That would minimize the overlap with 1 - h.

Wait, no. Because the overlap is h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx. So if h(x+k) is large, then 1 - h(x+k) is small, so the product is small. So if h(x) and h(x +k) are in regions where they are high or low, their product would be small.

Wait, the overlap integral is the integral over x of h(x) times (1 - h(x +k)). So, for each x, if h(x) is 1, then (1 - h(x +k )) would be 0 if h(x +k) is 1. So, the integral is small. But if h(x) is 1 over regions where h(x+k) is 0, then the product is zero. Wait, it's the product of h(x) and (1 - h(x +k)).

Therefore, to minimize the integral, we want to have as much as possible h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) to be zero at the same time. That is, when h(x) is 1, and h(x +k ) is 1 (so 1 - h(x +k) is 0), or when h(x) is 0 (so the product is zero). So ideally, we want h(x) and h(x +k) to be as disjoint as possible.

This is similar to the problem of constructing a binary sequence with low cross-correlation. But since we can use non-binary values, it's more flexible.

But how to model this? The previous code tried optimization with different initial guesses. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or to optimize.

Another idea: use a function that is constant over certain intervals, with high and low values spaced in such a way that shifting the function by k would shift into regions where it's low. For example, if h is 1 over parts of the interval and 0 over others, and these regions are spaced so that a shift by k would not overlap with the 1 regions.

But the function has to integrate to 1 over [0,2]. So the total area under h is 1.

Wait, the integral is 1. So if h is 1 over some length L, then the integral is L. So L must be 1. Wait, the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1. So if the function is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere, then the sum of those intervals must be 1. But the function is over [0, 2], so that's possible.

So, if we can design a function that is 1 on non-overlapping intervals whose total length is 1, and spaced apart in a way that shifting would avoid overlapping with those intervals. For example, if the intervals are spaced such that any shift by k would cause the shifted intervals to overlap with the original intervals minimally.

This would minimize the overlap integral. But how to arrange this?

For example, if the function has two intervals of 0.5 length each, spaced so that their centers are 1 unit apart. Then, shifting by half that distance would cause them to overlap. But if the spacing is larger than the width of the intervals, then shifting by small k would not overlap much.

But this is a very simplified scenario. The problem allows for more complex shapes.

Given that, perhaps the initial solution is a step function that is 1 in certain regions, but with more complex structure. Maybe using multiple intervals, and adjusting their positions and widths to minimize overlaps.

But how to model this in code?

Alternatively, perhaps using an existing optimal solution for similar problems could help. For example, the Erdős problem for C₅ might have known constructions. But I don't remember specific constructions, so I need to think of a way to generate them.

Another approach is to use a simulated annealing algorithm, which can escape local minima by allowing higher energy states with some probability. This might be more effective than SLSQP or DE, but it could be slower. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so maybe that's manageable.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate functions, evolving them by applying mutations and crossovers, and selecting the best ones based on the objective function. This could potentially explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a combination of different optimization techniques, such as starting with the initial solution and using SLSQP with different initial guesses, and then using differential evolution for further refinement.

Wait, the previous code tried several initial guesses, including pulsing, sawtooth, and random. But maybe generating more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using different waveforms, varying their parameters, or combining multiple strategies.

Also, the previous code used DE with population size 60 and maxiter 60. Increasing the population size or the number of iterations might help, but that could take more time. Maybe reducing the maxiter and increasing the population size would be a better trade-off.

Additionally, the code used a refine step with SLSQP. Maybe using more iterations of refinement could help, but again, time is limited.

Another idea is to use multiple different optimization methods in sequence. For example, start with a coarse optimization like DE to find a good candidate, then use SLSQP to refine it.

But the previous code already did that. So perhaps the main issue is the efficiency of the optimization methods and the quality of the initial guesses.

Let me think about the current code's structure. It starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several guesses (pulses, sawtooth, etc.), and applies SLSQP to each of them. Then does a few DE runs. Then refines the best solution with more SLSQP steps.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Adjust the number of initial guesses: maybe generate more varied ones, or sample from different distributions.
2. Tune the parameters of the optimization algorithms to get better convergence.
3. Use a different optimization method for the initial phase, like a Bayesian optimization approach.
4. Explore a more structured way of generating initial solutions, such as based on known optimal patterns.

But without prior knowledge of optimal patterns, it's challenging.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized for certain k. So perhaps we can model the problem as a convex optimization problem, but I don't think it's convex because of the max over k. So the problem is non-convex and requires heuristics.

Alternatively, since the function is a step function, we can model it as a binary vector (if it's 0 or 1), but the problem allows for 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1. However, if we can find a binary solution that meets the integral constraint, that would be a good start. But even so, the optimization might be easier.

But the integral of h(x) is 1, which would require that the total length of the intervals where h(x)=1 is 1. So for a binary h, it's a set of intervals of total length 1.

But how to construct such intervals to minimize the maximum overlap integral?

For example, if the intervals are spaced out in a certain way. Let's say we have n intervals of length l_i, with sum l_i = 1, and spaced such that shifting them by certain k values causes minimal overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact optimal configuration, it's hard to proceed.

Another thought: the current best solution is around 0.38, which is close to the known upper bounds. So perhaps the next step is to find a solution that can get closer to 0.38085.

Maybe the previous code can be improved by:

- Using a more sophisticated optimization method, like using a combination of DE and SLSQP with better hyperparameters.
- Exploiting symmetry or other structural properties.
- Using a different initial solution, such as a different pattern than the initial_h_values.
- Adding more diversification in the initial guesses to avoid local optima.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code used a loop over frequencies for pulses, and different duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves. Maybe adding more such initial guesses, or varying the parameters more.

Also, the code used a differential evolution with popsize 60 and maxiter 60. Maybe increasing the popsize to 100 or 200 would require more time. But with the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, which could be more efficient in certain cases.

Another idea: use a local search around the initial solution. For example, perturb the h_values slightly and optimize locally with SLSQP. But how to do that systematically?

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method. But the objective function is not differentiable everywhere, so it's challenging.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize a max over k, maybe we can use a multiplicative approach. For example, for each possible shift k, compute the integral and try to minimize the maximum. But this would require checking all possible shifts, which could be computationally expensive.

But in the discretized version, the shifts correspond to shifts by integer multiples of dx. So the number of shifts is O(n_points). So for n_points of a few thousand, that's manageable.

Wait, the code uses numpy.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for n_points samples gives a result of size 2n_points -1. So the maximum of that is the maximum overlap integral. So the objective is to minimize this maximum.

So the previous code's objective function is correct.

Perhaps I can try to use a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function or optimizing it. For example, using vectorized calculations instead of loops.

But the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: the previous code tried multiple initial guesses, but perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, using a more diverse set of functions could lead to finding better solutions.

Let me think about the current initial guesses:

- The initial_h_values is provided.
- Then, pulses with frequencies 3 to 13 and duty 0.5.
- Sawtooth and triangle waves with frequencies 3 and different duty cycles.
- Random guesses generated with a few random functions.

Maybe adding more initial guesses, such as other waveforms (like square waves, modified pulses, etc.) or using different patterns.

Alternatively, generating functions that are more spread out. For example, creating a function that has several intervals of 1, each separated by distances that prevent overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically?

Another idea: the problem resembles the covering problem. We want to cover parts of the interval [0,2] with regions where h=1, such that any shift of the function by k doesn't overlap much with those regions.

So, if the regions are placed periodically, but with a certain phase shift, maybe we can minimize the overlap.

For example, suppose we have m intervals of length l each, where sum l = 1. If the intervals are placed with spacing of d, such that shifting by k would not overlap with other intervals.

But this requires that the spacing is large enough. However, with the integral constraint, the spacing must balance between the number of intervals and their lengths.

This might be a way to construct an initial guess. For example, placing m intervals evenly spaced, each of length 1/m, and spaced such that they are separated by a distance of (2 - m * (1/m) ) / (m-1), but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a function with multiple bump functions. For example, creating multiple small regions where h is 1, spaced out. This would minimize the overlap when the function is shifted.

But again, the exact configuration requires optimization.

Given that the previous code struggled to find a better solution than 0.381142, perhaps the main issue is the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

So, modifying the code to use more diverse initial guesses, and finer optimization steps.

Another idea: since the previous code used SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, perhaps increasing the number of iterations for the refinement steps could help. For example, allowing more refinement steps, or using a lower tolerance in the optimization.

Also, checking the convergence of the optimization and stopping early if the objective function stops improving.

Another approach is to use a population-based method, such as differential evolution, with a larger population size and more iterations. This could find better initial guesses, which are then refined with SLSQP.

Let me consider refining the code:

- Increase the number of initial guesses generated.
- Use different waveforms or patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of DE and SLSQP for better convergence.
- Use more refinement steps after DE.

Let me structure the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as various waveforms with different parameters.
- Perform differential evolution on these guesses.
- Refine the best solution with SLSQP.
- Maybe use a combination of different optimization steps.

But how to implement this in code, keeping within the time budget.

Another observation: the previous code's DE steps were limited to 5 iterations, but maybe that's not enough. Also, the refinement steps were limited to 10. Perhaps increasing these numbers or adjusting the parameters.

But the time budget is tight, so the code must be efficient.

Another idea: use a multi-level optimization. First, perform a coarse search with DE, then refine with SLSQP. This is what the previous code did, but with limited parameters.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to choose the next points to evaluate, which could be more efficient.

But without a Bayesian optimization library, this might not be feasible.

Hmm, given the time constraints and the need to fit into the 100-second budget, perhaps the best approach is to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a set of initial guesses that vary in structure, like different waveforms, random, and modified versions.
3. Optimize each guess with SLSQP and DE.
4. Refine the best solution found with multiple iterations of SLSQP.

But the previous code already did similar steps. Perhaps the problem is the choice of initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

Another thought: the previous code used SLSQP with ftol=1e-10, which is very strict. Maybe reducing the tolerance could allow for faster convergence and better exploration.

Also, the code uses a loop that may not be efficient. Maybe using vectorized operations and more efficient data structures.

But given that the code must be in Python and use existing libraries, perhaps the main improvement is to adjust the optimization parameters, generate more initial guesses, and refine more thoroughly.

So, modifying the code to include:

- More initial guesses: for example, including more waveforms, different frequencies, and different duty cycles.
- Using a larger population size for DE.
- More refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters for better performance.

Let me modify the code accordingly.

In the previous code, the guesses were generated with frequencies from 3 to 13 (for pulses), but perhaps adding more frequencies or different waveforms could help.

Also, the random guesses were generated with a few iterations. Maybe generating more of them would help.

Another adjustment could be to use a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values, maybe by perturbing it slightly.

But how to code this?

So, the revised code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate more varied initial guesses, including different waveform patterns, more frequencies, more duty cycles.
- Use DE with a larger population or more iterations.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Also, adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better performance.

Now, considering all these, I'll try to implement these changes in the code. The previous code used DE with popsize=60 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the popsize and maxiter could help, but it must stay within the time limit.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient initial guess by exploiting the initial_h_values. For example, creating variations of it by shifting, scaling, or adding perturbations.

But given the time constraints, I need to code this in a way that is efficient and concise.

Another idea: the current code uses several different functions to generate initial guesses. Let's add more waveforms. For example, adding square wave-like patterns or other periodic functions.

But without overshooting the token limit, the code must remain concise.

So, in summary, the revised code will:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate more initial guesses with varied waveforms.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Adjust optimization parameters for better performance.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code's initial guesses were generated with some waveforms. I'll expand them.

For example, include more sawtooth and triangle waves with various frequencies and duty cycles. Also, add square wave patterns.

But since the code must be concise, perhaps generate more guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, the code must return the best solution found, keeping track of time.

Finally, considering all these, I'll write the code accordingly, making sure to adhere to the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_squares(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 22):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```