<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The user provided a previous code that used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimizations starting from an initial guess. But I need to think of a better approach.

Hmm. The previous code starts with some initial h_values and then tries various guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Then it uses SLSQP to optimize each guess, and then differential evolution and refinement steps. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or optimize.

First, I should consider the constraints. The function h must integrate to 1 over [0,2], and we need to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. So the problem is about minimizing the maximum value of this convolution.

The previous approach uses multiple types of functions as initial guesses. Maybe I can create more diverse initial guesses, or maybe use different heuristics for generating them. Also, the optimization methods used might be too slow or not effective enough. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe a gradient-based method could be better if we can compute gradients. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization might help in escaping local optima. But given the time budget, I need something fast.

Another thought is to use a more structured initial guess. The initial_h_values provided by the user might not be the best starting point. Maybe I can generate a different initial guess that's more tailored to the problem. For example, using a periodic function with certain frequencies or duty cycles, or maybe a combination of pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlapping.

Wait, the current code uses gen_pulse, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions. Maybe instead of generating random guesses, I can sample more carefully. For instance, try different frequencies and duty cycles, or even use a grid search over parameters. But that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, maybe using a better optimization strategy. The previous code uses SLSQP for each guess, which is good for local optimization. But if the initial guess is not good, it might get stuck. Maybe combining with global optimization like differential evolution, but with more efficient settings.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum value. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, making it hard to optimize directly. The previous approach uses the max of the correlation as the objective function, which is correct.

But how can we structure the optimization to better handle the maximum? Maybe using a more efficient method that can handle the constraints and the objective function better.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution in a loop, which is a global optimization method. But maybe the parameters for differential evolution need tuning. For example, the mutation and recombination parameters. Maybe adjusting them could lead to better results.

Also, considering that the current code uses a fixed number of guesses, perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different combinations of functions, or varying the parameters more.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h function has certain symmetries or structures. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals set to 1 and 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But constructing such a function might be challenging.

Alternatively, think about using a Fourier series approach. Since the overlap integral is related to the convolution, which in the Fourier domain becomes a product. However, maximizing the convolution's maximum value might relate to the Fourier coefficients. But I'm not sure how to apply this directly here.

Alternatively, maybe a better way to represent h. The previous code uses a fixed n_points (45 samples) based on the initial_h_values. But maybe using a different number of points could help. The user said that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, so maybe using n_points=80 or 100 is better than 45? Wait, no, the initial_h_values might have n_points=45. But the problem says that smaller sequences are faster. So maybe trying with fewer points, like n_points=40, but I'm not sure. However, the initial code uses n_points=45, so perhaps sticking to that is better for consistency.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are provided, and the code should start from there. So maybe using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then trying to optimize further. The previous code uses that, but maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: the problem's constraints are that the integral of h is 1. So the average value of h is 0.5. So perhaps the function h is a kind of "balanced" function, with regions where it's 1 and others where it's 0, but arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a periodic function with high and low parts.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern, like a sawtooth or pulse. If I can find a way to generate a better initial guess, maybe that would help. For example, using a more optimal waveform, like a combination of multiple pulses spaced optimally.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach where we adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that.

Another idea: since the overlap is the convolution of h with 1-h, which is equivalent to integrating h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) over x. For each shift k, this integral represents the amount of overlap between h and its shifted version. To minimize the maximum over k, h should be designed so that for any shift k, the overlap is small.

So, perhaps h should have regions where it is 1, and then regions where it is 0, arranged in such a way that shifting it by any k would not lead to a large overlap. For instance, a function that is 1 for a certain period, then 0 for another, but with a specific ratio between the lengths.

But how to translate that into a function h?

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h should cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that no shifted version of it overlaps too much with itself.

But I'm not sure how to model that.

Back to the code. The previous code uses SLSQP with a constraint on the integral. Maybe I can improve the optimization by using a better initial guess, more tailored to the problem.

Another point: the current code uses a lot of random guesses and then optimizes them. Maybe instead of generating random guesses, I can use a more intelligent method to sample initial h's, such as placing pulses at optimal positions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a h array, and the fitness is the C₅ value. Then, evolving the population to find better solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be complex and might not fit within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach. For each point in h, adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. But this might not converge well.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlations, perhaps we can approximate this by using an optimization that considers the worst-case k. For example, using a surrogate function that approximates the maximum, and then using gradient-based optimization.

But the problem is that the max is non-differentiable. So perhaps using a smooth approximation, like taking the average of the top few values of the correlation.

Alternatively, using the original approach but with more efficient optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method with better initial guesses and parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for global optimization. Maybe adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, such as population size or mutation rate, could give better results. Also, maybe combining with other optimization steps.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then generates other guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values itself is not the best starting point. If I can generate a better initial guess, that would help. For example, if the initial_h_values are a certain pattern, maybe modifying that pattern to have a better structure.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a base and trying to perturb it.

But given the time to think, maybe the most straightforward way is to modify the previous code's approach. Perhaps improving the initial guesses or the optimization steps.

For example, the previous code generates guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangles, and random. Maybe adding more types of functions or parameters. Or, using a more sophisticated way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized for certain shifts. For example, shifting by a certain amount. So, if I can find a h that makes all these overlaps small, that would be good. So, perhaps using a function that has high and low regions spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

For instance, imagine a function that is 1 for a certain length, then 0, then 1 again, but the length between the 1s is such that shifting by that length would make the overlap small.

But how to model this? Maybe using a periodic function with certain parameters. For example, a square wave with specific frequency and duty cycle.

But the initial code already includes generating pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying different frequencies and duty cycles for those.

Alternatively, combining different functions. For example, a base with multiple pulses.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, and differential evolution for global search. Maybe using a better global optimizer, like a covariance matrix adaptation (CMA-ES), but that might not be available in scipy.

Alternatively, using the Basin Hopping algorithm, which is a global optimization method that combines local optimization with random perturbations. The scipy.optimize.basinhopping function might be useful here.

But I'm not sure if that's available. Let me check the scipy.optimize docs. Yes, Basinhopping is available in scipy.optimize.

So maybe replacing some of the optimization steps with Basinhopping could help find better solutions. Also, maybe combining different optimization methods.

Another thing: the previous code has a loop where it runs 3 differential evolution steps. Maybe varying the parameters for differential evolution or increasing the population size could help. But given the time budget, the number of iterations has to be limited.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the final refinement. The previous code uses COBYLA for refinement. Maybe trying other methods, like L-BFGS-B, which is a gradient-based optimizer.

But to do that, I would need to compute the gradient of the objective function. However, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is non-differentiable. So using a numerical gradient might be possible, but it could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach entirely. For example, using a greedy algorithm that adjusts the h function in a way that reduces the maximum overlap.

But I'm not sure how to implement that.

So, considering all these possibilities, perhaps modifying the previous code's approach by:

1. Using Basinhopping in addition to the existing methods to explore the search space more effectively.

2. Generating more diverse initial guesses, perhaps by varying the parameters of the functions used (like frequencies and duty cycles) more thoroughly.

3. Tuning the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimizers to improve convergence.

4. Using a different initial guess construction, perhaps based on a more optimal pattern.

But how to implement this within the constraints of the code?

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by adding Basinhopping as an optimization method and tweaking the parameters of the existing ones. Also, trying to generate more initial guesses, maybe with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Another point: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. However, maybe using a lower n_points (say, 40) could lead to faster evaluations, allowing for more iterations. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe using 40 or 50 might be better. However, the initial_h_values might have n_points=45, so changing that might not be possible. The code's initial guess uses the initial_h_values, which is provided, so the n_points is determined by that.

So, the code will need to work with the given initial_h_values length.

Another possible improvement: instead of generating random initial guesses, focus on generating initial guesses that have certain structures that are likely to perform well. For example, a function with a periodic pattern, or one that is a combination of pulses.

In the current code, the guesses are generated with a few frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe trying more frequencies or varying the duty cycles more.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach to construct the function h. For instance, if we can model h as a periodic function with certain properties, that might lead to a better solution.

But time is limited. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses multiple guesses, then optimizes each with SLSQP, then differential evolution, and then refinement steps.

To improve this, perhaps using a combination of different optimization methods. Also, using the initial H values as the first guess and then exploring other structures.

Another idea: instead of using all the functions mentioned, perhaps focus on a subset that is more promising. For example, focusing on square waves and other periodic functions.

But again, without knowing which structures are better, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, instead of using random functions, maybe use a grid-based approach. For example, for each possible frequency (like 3, 4, ..., 10), generate a square wave with various duty cycles. But the existing code does this, but maybe with more parameters.

Another possible optimization: the previous code uses the same bounds for all positions. But maybe some positions are more important for reducing the maximum overlap. However, I'm not sure.

In conclusion, considering the previous code's structure, the main changes I can make are:

1. Adding Basinhopping to the optimization steps to explore the search space more effectively.

2. Generating more initial guesses with different parameters for the wave functions.

3. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods (like differential evolution's population size, mutation rates, etc.) to improve convergence.

4. Using a more efficient refinement step, perhaps with a different method.

But since I have to write code that runs within 100 seconds, I need to make sure that the code is efficient.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Use Basinhopping as part of the initial optimization steps.

- Generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters (frequency and duty cycle) more.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

- Refine with a different method.

But how to fit this into the existing code?

Let me think about the structure of the existing code:

The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various guesses (pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and random), then for each guess, it runs SLSQP optimization. Then runs differential evolution on the best guess. Then refines with COBYLA.

So, adding Basinhopping to some steps could help.

But given the time constraints, perhaps swapping the differential evolution with Basinhopping. Or using Basinhopping for certain parts.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the max correlation, which is a difficult optimization problem, using metaheuristics like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms could be useful. However, scipy's optimize does not have a Genetic Algorithm (GA) optimizer, but there's a scipy.optimize.differential_evolution which is a GA variant.

Alternatively, the Basinhopping method can be used for global optimization.

But how to implement that.

In the code, the current approach uses differential evolution. Let's replace that with Basinhopping for some steps.

Let me outline the steps I would take:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

2. Generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, perhaps covering a wider range of frequencies and duty cycles.

3. For each guess, run SLSQP optimization and keep the best solution.

4. Then, use Basinhopping with the best solution so far to explore the search space more thoroughly.

5. After that, run differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

6. Finally, refine with a different optimizer.

But how to implement this in code.

Alternatively, replace the differential evolution steps with Basinhopping.

But given that time is limited, I need to make the code as efficient as possible.

Another thing to consider: the correlation calculation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. For a function h of length n_points, the full correlation has length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of this is taken. However, for the problem, we are interested in the maximum over all possible shifts k. The shifts k can range from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. The full correlation includes all these shifts.

But the code uses the full correlation and multiplies by dx. That seems correct.

So, the code's approach is accurate.

Now, for the code, here's what I can do:

- Use more initial guesses generated with different parameters. For example, generate more frequencies for pulses and sawtooth functions.

- Use Basinhopping as a global optimizer to explore the search space.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to make it run faster.

- Use the initial_h_values as the base and maybe try to improve it with a different optimization method.

So, modifying the code:

Instead of using differential evolution in a loop, use Basinhopping on the best guess.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods.

But to fit within the code structure, here's a plan:

Modify the code to:

- Generate a wider variety of initial guesses, including more different frequencies and duty cycles.

- Perform a basin hopping optimization on the best initial guess.

- Then perform differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

- Then refine with another optimizer.

But I need to code this.

Another idea: since the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for each method, perhaps increasing the number of iterations or tuning the parameters could help. For example, using a higher mutation rate in differential evolution.

Also, perhaps the current code uses too many random guesses, which might be time-consuming. Maybe focus on generating more targeted guesses.

In conclusion, the main changes would be generating more initial guesses with varied parameters, using Basinhopping as an optimizer, and adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to improve performance.

Now, translating this into code.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code has:

for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_rand())

Maybe expanding this by using more frequencies and different duty cycles. For example, adding more frequencies for the pulse and sawtooth functions, and different duty cycles.

Additionally, maybe adding a more structured initial guess, like a certain wave pattern.

Also, using the Basinhopping method from scipy.optimize.

But I need to write code that can run within the time budget.

In the code's current structure, after generating the initial guesses, it runs SLSQP for each guess, then differential evolution, then refinement.

Let me try replacing the differential evolution part with Basinhopping.

But how to integrate that.

Alternatively, after the SLSQP steps, use Basinhopping to further optimize the best solution.

Alternatively, replace the differential evolution part with a Basinhopping call.

But since I'm not sure, I'll proceed with trying to add Basinhopping.

So, in the code, after the initial guesses and their SLSQP optimization, we can run Basinhopping on the best solution found so far.

But I need to import Basinhopping from scipy.optimize.

Now, the code:

Import scipy.optimize.basinhopping.

Then, in the code's optimization steps:

Once the best_h and best_c5 are found from the initial guesses and SLSQP, we can run basinhopping on the best_h.

For example:

from scipy.optimize import basinhopping

...

res = basinhopping(obj, best_h, niter=50, T=1.0, stepsize=0.5, minimizer_kwargs={"method": "L-BFGS-B", "bounds": bounds, "constraints": [{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}]})

But this would take time. However, with niter=50 and T=1.0, it might be feasible.

But I need to make sure that the basinhopping is wrapped properly and that the constraints are passed correctly.

But the basinhopping method allows passing a minimizer_kwargs dictionary, which includes the method, bounds, and constraints.

So, integrating this into the code.

But the code already has the obj function and the cons constraint.

Another point: the basinhopping method may require different parameters. The T is the temperature, which controls the acceptance of worse solutions. The stepsize controls the step size for random perturbations.

Overall, this could help find better solutions.

So, modifying the code to include Basinhopping after the SLSQP steps.

Another change: increasing the number of initial guesses. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles for the generated functions.

For example, for the pulse function, use frequencies from 2 to 10, and duty cycles 0.2 to 0.8 in steps.

Similarly for the sawtooth and triangle functions.

This would generate a more diverse set of initial guesses.

Now, putting this all together in code.

But since the code has to be concise and fit within the token limit, I'll need to write the code compactly.

So, modifying the code:

Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.

Use basinhopping for optimization.

Use different optimization methods.

But the code is time-sensitive. Let me proceed.

The final code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

- Generate a broader set of initial guesses with more parameters.

- Run SLSQP on each, keeping the best.

- Run Basinhopping on the best.

- Run differential evolution.

- Refine with COBYLA.

But given time constraints, the code will need to be concise.

So, the code would have:

- Generate more guesses with varied frequencies and duty cycles.

- Use Basinhopping for global optimization.

- Use differential evolution and COBYLA for refinement.

But due to the token limit, the code has to be written as a single function.

Putting it all together, the final code would look something like this, with improved initial guesses and the use of Basinhopping.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_rand():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 11):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(5, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(5, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 200})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```