<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses a combination of different guessing strategies, like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial construction. But they want me to improve upon that.

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h over [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated by taking the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The current code uses a discrete approximation with n_points samples, and the overlap is computed via convolution (numpy.correlate with mode 'full').

The previous program uses several generating functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The user wants me to do something different, possibly a more efficient or effective optimization method, or a better starting point, to get a lower C₅ value.

So, how can I improve this?

Hmm. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps there's a better way. Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess could be better. However, the user mentions that if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So I need to make sure to use that.

Another approach could be to consider more sophisticated optimization techniques. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe combining these with other methods, or adjusting the parameters for better performance. Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm like genetic algorithms, or incorporating some metaheuristics.

But given the time constraints (100s), the code needs to be efficient. Differential evolution is quite slow for high-dimensional problems, but for n_points less than 1k, maybe it's manageable. However, the previous code uses n=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. Could using a larger n_points help? But the user said smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for speed. So maybe keeping n_points small is better, but perhaps using a slightly larger n_points might allow for a better approximation. However, the previous program used n=45. Maybe increasing it to 60 or 80 might help? But the user's initial code uses 45, and the previous example used that. However, maybe the initial code isn't using the optimal n_points. But the user's current goal is to find a better solution than 0.381142, which was achieved with that code.

Another idea: maybe instead of using multiple different guesses, focus on a specific type of function that could potentially minimize the overlap. For example, maybe using a more structured pattern, like a piecewise constant function with varying intervals, or a function that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap across shifts.

Alternatively, consider using a genetic algorithm. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. But maybe a genetic algorithm is more suitable for exploring the search space. However, implementing that in Python with scipy might be tricky. Alternatively, using a different optimization approach like simulated annealing or a particle swarm optimization. But scipy's optimize module doesn't have PSO by default.

Wait, the user has access to the scipy.optimize module, and also can use other solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc., but the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different amounts. This is similar to designing a function that has low cross-correlation with itself. In communication theory, this is similar to designing codes with low autocorrelation. Maybe there are known methods or structures from that area that could be applied here.

For example, using a Barker sequence? But Barker sequences are for binary sequences with low autocorrelation, but the problem here is for real-valued functions with integral 1. Alternatively, maybe using a design that has a specific symmetry or periodicity.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function with multiple peaks and valleys arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged periodically.

Wait, but the integral over [0,2] must be 1. So if the function is piecewise constant, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h=1 must be 1 (since integrating h over [0,2] is sum of (length of interval) * 1). So the total area under h is 1.

So for a piecewise constant function, we need the sum of the widths of the intervals where h is 1 to be 1. For example, a function that is 1 for a length of 1, and 0 otherwise. Then, for shifts, the overlap would be the integral over [0,2] of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). For k such that shifting the 1 interval by k overlaps with itself. For example, when k is 0, the integral would be 0. But for other k, maybe the overlap is something else.

But this is a very simple case. However, if we use multiple intervals, perhaps we can arrange them so that shifting by any k leads to minimal overlap. For example, a function that has multiple intervals spaced in a way that their shifts do not cause high overlap. But how to choose such intervals?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that has a periodic structure. For example, a square wave-like function with certain duty cycle. But I'm not sure.

Another approach: since the previous code uses SLSQP and DE, perhaps optimizing the parameters of those methods can lead to better results. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or changing the initial guesses.

But in the previous code, the initial guesses are based on generating functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe instead of a fixed set of generators, we can sample more diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method for generating guesses. For example, using a gradient-based method with different starting points. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach for hyperparameter tuning. But that might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using a coordinate descent approach, optimizing each point in the h array one by one, while maintaining the integral constraint. But I'm not sure how effective that would be.

Wait, the main problem is that the previous code's approach might be stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps trying different initial points and using multiple optimization runs could help. The previous code tried several different guesses, but maybe it's possible to generate even more varied initial points.

Another idea: since the integral of h is fixed, the problem is constrained. Maybe using a Lagrange multiplier approach. However, the previous code uses constraints with SLSQP, which is a standard approach for equality constraints.

Another optimization aspect: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. The previous code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient for small n. However, when using optimization algorithms, the objective function evaluation is expensive. So perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap.

Wait, the previous code calculates the correlation with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. Then, the maximum of these values, multiplied by dx, is the C₅. So the objective function is max over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But for the optimization, when you use SLSQP or DE, it's possible that the evaluations are computationally intensive. So, perhaps optimizing the code to compute the correlation more efficiently.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach to compute the overlap. For example, precomputing the shifts for all k, but that might not help in the optimization step.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem. For example, the function h(x) is like a set of intervals where the value is 1, and the goal is to arrange these intervals such that when shifted by any k, the overlap (the overlap of the interval with the complement of the shifted interval) is minimized. So the overlap is the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, which is the same as the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and x +k is not in the 1 regions. Wait, no, the overlap integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. So for each x, we have h(x) * [1 - h(x +k)]. So this is the same as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, plus the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 1 multiplied by 0 (since 1 - h(x +k) is 0 in that case). So the overlap integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and x +k is not in the set where h is 1.

To minimize the maximum of these over all k. So the problem is to arrange the set of 1s in h such that for any shift k, the overlap between the 1s and the non-1s of shifted h is minimized.

This seems similar to designing a set of intervals (the regions where h is 1) such that for any shift, the intersection between the original set and the shifted complementary set is small.

This is related to the concept of "avoiding overlaps" in set theory. For example, in the case of binary sequences, this is similar to avoiding autocorrelation.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, perhaps considering that the function h is periodic-like, or has some symmetry. For example, using a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0, 2], which might help in balancing the overlaps for different shifts.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, and the domain is [0, 2], the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe the function should have a relatively flat structure, but with variations. However, the previous code uses a more structured approach with pulses and sawtooth.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 0.5 everywhere except for certain regions where it is 0 or 1. But this is similar to the initial approach.

Another approach could be to use a greedy algorithm. Start with a certain initial configuration, then iteratively adjust the values of h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement this efficiently.

Alternatively, using a perturbation approach. For example, starting with the initial guess, and then perturbing certain points to reduce the maximum overlap.

But all of these ideas might not be straightforward to code, especially within the time constraints.

Given that the previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods, perhaps improving the code could involve:

1. Using a better initial guess. For example, generating more diverse initial guesses that are more likely to lead to a good solution.

2. Optimizing the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerances, or using different solvers.

3. Using a different optimization strategy, such as a hybrid approach combining different methods.

4. Using a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code can be modified by generating more initial guesses, or by using a different algorithm for the initial optimization steps. For example, instead of using differential evolution, using a genetic algorithm. But I'm not sure if scipy has that.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach would be more efficient, but that requires more code and might be complex.

Another idea: considering that the maximum overlap is over all k, which in the discrete case is the maximum of the absolute values of the cross-correlation. Therefore, the problem is similar to minimizing the peak of the cross-correlation of h with 1-h.

So, perhaps using a sinusoidal function or other functions that have low cross-correlation. For example, a function that has components with certain frequencies that cancel out when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the function h is over [0, 2], perhaps using a function that is a combination of several low-frequency components.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guesses are generated using pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. These are all periodic functions, which might not be optimal. Maybe generating functions with specific properties, like being sparse or having certain symmetries.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple pulses spaced in a way that their shifts are minimal. For example, placing pulses at positions that are spread out, such that shifting by any k doesn't cause large overlaps.

But again, how to model this in code.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45, maybe trying a slightly larger n_points could lead to better results. For example, using 60 or 80 points. However, the user said smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But perhaps a higher n_points could allow for finer adjustments and lead to a better solution.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values has n=45. Maybe it's better to use that as the starting point and then use more sophisticated methods to optimize it.

In the previous code, after generating several guesses, they apply SLSQP optimization, then differential evolution, then refinement steps. Perhaps the differential evolution step could be modified to use a different strategy or more parameters.

Also, the code uses the same n_points throughout. So, for example, if the initial guess is 45 points, but perhaps trying different n_points (like 60) could yield better results. But the user seems to prefer smaller sequences, but maybe 60 is manageable within the time budget.

But the user's current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. So unless we can change that, which is not allowed unless we can generate it algorithmically. However, the user's code must use the initial_h_values if it's available. So perhaps we can't change n_points.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives a result of length 2n_points -1. The maximum value of this is the C₅. So the code computes the maximum over all possible shifts k from -n_points +1 to n_points -1. But for the problem, the integral is over [0, 2], so shifts that go outside the [0, 2] interval would have parts of the overlap integral outside the domain. However, the way the correlation is computed, it's possible that some of the correlation values correspond to shifts that are not within the domain. Wait, the original integral is over x in [0,2], and h(x) and h(x +k) are defined for x in [0,2], but h(x +k) is defined for x +k in [0,2], which would require k in [-x, 2 -x]. But for the maximum over all k, the code computes all possible shifts. So the numpy.correlate might be including shifts that go beyond the domain, but in the original problem, the integral is only over the valid x values. However, the differential evolution code in the previous code might be using a discrete approximation where the correlation is computed as is, which might not exactly match the original problem's integral. So perhaps this is a source of error. But the user's code uses this approach, so I have to follow that.

Another thought: perhaps the previous code's DE step is too slow, and we can instead try to optimize using a more efficient method. For example, using a different optimization algorithm for the initial steps, and then refining with a gradient-based method.

Additionally, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP and DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or using adaptive stopping criteria could lead to better results. However, this would consume more time, and the budget is tight.

Another possible improvement: using a different starting point for the optimization. For example, using a random start or a more sophisticated initial guess. The previous code uses a fixed set of guesses, but perhaps generating more diverse guesses.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic approach where the initial guesses are varied more, and the optimization steps are more adaptive.

In essence, the previous code's approach is to generate multiple initial guesses (based on pulses, sawtooth, etc.), then apply SLSQP and DE to optimize, then refine. To improve this, maybe:

- Use more diverse initial guesses, which could include other functions (e.g., more complex waveforms or patterns).
- Use a better optimization method for the initial steps, or adjust parameters (like mutation rate in DE).
- Combine different optimization strategies, such as using DE for the initial exploration and SLSQP for fine-tuning.
- Use more iterations in the optimization steps if time allows.

But considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is a max over a set of values, the objective function is non-smooth. This makes it challenging for gradient-based methods, which might get stuck in local minima. Therefore, using global optimization methods like differential evolution is better, but it's slow. However, the previous code uses a combination of DE and SLSQP, which may help.

In the previous code, the DE step is run for 5 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library, like using the Optuna library for Bayesian optimization, which could be more efficient. However, the user's code must use scipy and the provided import hooks. Since Optuna isn't imported, this is not an option.

Another possible improvement: the code uses a fixed set of guesses, but perhaps generating random initial points with a certain structure might be more effective. For example, randomly placing intervals of 1 in the h function, ensuring the integral is 1. But generating such functions algorithmically could be done, for example, by dividing the domain into segments and assigning 1 to some of them.

Alternatively, using a structured approach where the h function is a combination of a few pulses or intervals arranged to minimize overlap.

But how to implement this?

Another possibility is to use a more refined refinement step. The previous code uses a refine function that applies SLSQP for a few steps. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps, or using a different optimization method during refinement.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after some steps, the code switches to a different optimization strategy.

Alternatively, using a multi-level approach: first optimizing with a lower-dimensional approximation, then increasing the resolution. However, with the given constraints, this may not be feasible.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I could consider:

1. Increasing the number of initial guesses to explore a larger portion of the search space.
2. Modifying the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increasing the number of iterations or adjusting tolerances).
3. Using different types of initial functions, such as ones that are more complex or have different structures.
4. Enhancing the refinement steps to achieve better convergence.

Now, translating this into code, I need to modify the previous code accordingly. Let me think about how to do this.

First, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with functions like pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. To increase diversity, maybe adding more types of functions or varying parameters more.

For example, adding more frequency variations or duty cycles, or other waveforms. Also, generating more initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a different random generation strategy for the initial guesses. For example, making the random generation more structured, like placing pulses at specific positions.

Another idea: generate initial guesses that are more balanced, ensuring that the function h is spread out as much as possible to avoid overlaps. For example, generating a function that has multiple pulses spaced in a way that shifts by any k don't cause overlaps.

But generating such functions algorithmically might be difficult.

Another approach: consider using a function that is a combination of multiple periodic functions, like a sum of sine waves with different frequencies. However, this would be more complex to optimize.

Alternatively, using a binary representation where the function h is 0.5 in some regions and 0 or 1 in others. However, this is similar to the previous approaches.

In terms of code changes, the main points would be:

- Generate more varied initial guesses.
- Tune the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Possibly change the optimization algorithms.

For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, or introducing a new type of guess function.

But the user's code already includes several types of guesses. Perhaps adding more, like generating functions with more complex waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values provided. For example, taking the current initial_h_values and applying some transformations to generate more guesses.

But since the initial_h_values is given, maybe using it as the initial guess and then applying small perturbations to explore nearby regions.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. The previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a different algorithm like Nelder-Mead for some steps.

But given time constraints, perhaps the main change is to increase the number of initial guesses and the number of DE iterations.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use a different initial guess, such as a more structured function.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, vectorizing the computation to speed up the evaluation. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already efficient.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed n_points, but maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, using n_points = 60. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred. But if the initial_h_values is of size 45, changing n_points would require generating a new initial guess. However, since the problem statement says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So likely, n_points is fixed as len(initial_h_values).

Thus, I need to work with the existing n_points of 45.

In the previous code, the DE step is run for 5 iterations. Perhaps increasing that to 10 or 20 could help. Similarly, increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps.

Another idea: using the DE step more thoroughly. For example, running DE for more iterations with a larger population size.

Also, in the code, after the initial guesses and DE steps, there are refinement steps with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better convergence.

In addition, the previous code uses the same bounds and constraints for all optimization steps. It might be possible to adjust the constraints or the bounds in a way that makes the optimization more efficient.

So, to implement these changes, here's what I can do:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more types of functions or varying parameters more.
- Increase the number of iterations in the DE and SLSQP steps.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

For example, in the previous code, the DE is run 5 times, and the refine step is run 10 times. Maybe increasing the number of DE steps to 10, and refinement steps to 20.

Also, the initial guesses could be generated with more variety. For example, generating more pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, or other waveform types.

Let me think of what more guess functions I could add. For example, a square wave, a modified sine wave, or other functions. Alternatively, generating random functions with specific properties, such as ensuring that the function has a certain number of peaks or valleys.

However, generating such functions algorithmically is complex. So perhaps sticking to generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random guesses, but with more parameters.

For example, generating pulses with frequencies up to a higher value, or varying the duty cycles more.

So, in the code, modifying the generations to include more frequencies or duty cycles.

Another point: the code uses the same initial_h_values and adds guesses based on different functions. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, so focusing on refining it with more optimization steps.

Another possible optimization: the objective function is the max of the correlation values. Perhaps, during the optimization, it's possible to focus on reducing the maximum value by adjusting the h function to minimize the worst-case overlap. This could be achieved by using a penalty function or by using an approach that prioritizes reducing the maximum.

But this is generally what the current code is doing.

Given all these considerations, here's a plan for modifying the previous code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more varied functions and parameters.
2. Increase the number of iterations for the DE and SLSQP steps.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.
4. Adjust the hyperparameters (like mutation rates in DE, tolerances in SLSQP) for better performance.

Now, translating this into code changes:

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 13, and duty cycles of 0.2-0.6. Changing these to higher frequencies or adding more.

Also, increasing the number of DE iterations from 5 to 10, and refinement steps from 10 to 20.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters in the optimize.minimize calls.

Another idea: instead of using the same bounds for all steps, maybe using a tighter bound on the initial steps, but this is not clear.

In the code, the constraints are enforced as an equality constraint with the sum of h_vals == target_sum.

Putting it all together, the modified code would include:

- More initial guesses with different parameters.
- More iterations for DE and SLSQP.
- More refinement steps.

Now, let's think about coding this.

The code currently has:

guesses = [h]
for freq in range(3, 14):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_random())

Maybe expanding the frequency range for pulses, say from 2 to 15, and varying duty cycles more. For example:

for freq in range(2, 15):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

Also, adding more sawtooth and triangle functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

For example:

for freq in [3, 4, 5]:
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

This would increase the number of initial guesses.

Also, increasing the number of random guesses.

Additionally, increasing the number of DE iterations:

for _ in range(10): instead of 5.

Similarly, increasing the number of refine steps:

for _ in range(20): instead of 10.

Also, adjusting the parameters in optimize.minimize, such as increasing max_iter or tightening ftol.

Another thing: in the code, the DE function is called with popsize=60, maxiter=60. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 or 150.

Also, in the refine step, increasing the number of iterations.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Now, considering that the code must be concise, and within the token limit, I need to make these changes in the code.

Thus, the final code would have these modifications, leading to a better exploration of the search space and more refined optimization steps, potentially leading to a lower C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [3, 4, 5]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```