<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that. Let me think about how the previous code worked and where I can make improvements.

The previous approach used a combination of different heuristics, like generating pulse, saw, and triangle wave functions as initial guesses, then optimizing with SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. They started from an initial_h_values array with 45 points. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses or to optimize.

Hmm, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. The goal is to minimize this maximum value.

So, the key is to find a function h that's spread out in such a way that when you shift it by any k, the overlap with its complement is minimized. This seems related to designing a function that's as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps when shifted.

The previous code tried different shapes like pulses and triangles, but maybe there's a more effective way to model the function. Also, the optimization steps might be getting stuck in local minima. Let's think about alternative approaches.

First, perhaps a better initial guess. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe we can generate other structured patterns. For example, maybe a combination of multiple pulses or a more complex waveform that's designed to minimize overlap.

Another thought: maybe using a more systematic approach, like a genetic algorithm, which can explore different shapes more effectively. Or maybe using a different optimization method, like basin-hopping or simulated annealing, which can escape local minima.

But the problem is that in the given code, they used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe increasing the population size in differential evolution or adjusting the mutation parameters could help find better solutions.

Wait, but the previous code had a fixed set of initial guesses. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses would help. For example, using random patterns with different frequencies or duty cycles, or combining different shapes.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points, 45. Maybe using a higher number of points could allow for more detailed functions, but that would increase the computational time. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a lower number of points, like 40 or 50, would be better for time.

Wait, the initial_h_values has n=45 samples. If I can use that as the starting point, but maybe modifying it by introducing more variations. Alternatively, maybe using a different starting point altogether, like a uniform distribution, but that might not be optimal.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation, but with a specific constraint on the integral. So perhaps using techniques from low autocorrelation sequences, but adjusted for the step function and the constraint.

Alternatively, think about dividing the interval [0,2] into intervals and assigning h(x) to be 1 or 0 in such a way that the overlaps are minimized. For example, if the function is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, then shifting it would result in overlaps only when the shift causes the 1s and 0s to overlap.

But since it's a step function, the function can have multiple steps, so maybe a binary function (0s and 1s) could be considered, but the problem allows for any values between 0 and 1. However, the optimal solution might involve some intermediate values.

Wait, the previous code used a step function, but the h is represented as samples, so maybe using a piecewise constant function. However, the optimization is continuous over the samples.

Another approach is to model the problem as an optimization with constraints. The main constraint is that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and the function h is in [0,1]. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals for different shifts.

But how can this be turned into an optimization problem? Since the maximum is over k, which is a continuous variable, it's a bit tricky. However, in practice, the cross-correlation is evaluated over the samples. The way the code currently does it is by using np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation at all possible lags. Then the maximum of those is taken, multiplied by dx.

So, perhaps the key is to find a h that has low cross-correlation with itself at various shifts. This seems similar to signal processing problems where you want a signal with low autocorrelation, like in spread-spectrum communications.

In such cases, a known method is to use a sequence with good autocorrelation properties, like a Barker code, but these are for binary sequences. However, since the problem allows h(x) to be between 0 and 1, maybe a more complex structure could be used.

For the case of continuous variables, perhaps designing h(x) as a function with intervals where it is 1 and 0, arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function is 1 for a certain length of intervals and 0 otherwise, but arranged in a way that overlapping with its shifted version is minimized.

But how to model that? Maybe using multiple segments where h(x) is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, but the exact placement of these segments would need to be optimized. However, that would be a combinatorial problem, which is computationally intensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more uniform distribution of h(x) over the interval. However, that would lead to higher overlaps when shifted. So that's not ideal.

Another idea: since the constraint is that the integral is 1, the average value of h is 1/2 over [0,2]. So maybe the function h(x) is a periodic function with a certain period, such that shifting it by that period doesn't cause overlaps. But I'm not sure.

Wait, let's think of the integral over all shifts. The maximum overlap is the maximum value of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's try to express this as ∫ h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h(x) over [0,2], which is 1. Then, the second term is ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. So the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is 1 - min_k ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to maximizing the minimum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx.

Wait, this is a crucial point. So the problem can be rephrased as: find h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over all shifts k. Because the overlap integral is 1 minus that value. So, the original C5 is max_k (1 - ∫ h h(x +k) dx ). Thus, to minimize C5, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h h(x +k) dx over k.

This is equivalent to a maximin problem. So, perhaps focusing on maximizing the minimal cross-correlation.

But how does this help? Well, the cross-correlation between h and itself is the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, if we can find a h that has high cross-correlation for some k, but low cross-correlation for others, that would be good. But since we need the minimum over all k to be as large as possible, it's a balance.

Alternatively, if we can make the cross-correlation values as uniform as possible across all shifts, that would be ideal, but that's probably not possible.

So, perhaps the problem reduces to finding a function h with average value 1/2 over [0,2] and which has as uniform as possible cross-correlations.

This brings me back to the problem of designing sequences with good autocorrelation properties. For example, in the case of binary sequences, a Barker code has optimal autocorrelation. However, our case is different because we are dealing with a continuous function and not a discrete sequence.

But perhaps a similar approach can be used. For example, using a function that is periodic with period 2, but that's not necessarily the case. Alternatively, using a function that is spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: since the integral is 1 over [0, 2], the average value is 0.5. If we can make the function have a spread that is as even as possible, so that overlapping with any shifted version doesn't create large peaks. So, a function that is a combination of multiple overlapping areas that are spaced out.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning h(x) to be 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, with the regions arranged to minimize overlaps.

For example, if we divide the interval into three parts, but that's just an idea.

Alternatively, using an even distribution of 1s and 0s such that the overlap with shifts is minimized. But how many regions to split into?

Alternatively, think of the problem as similar to the binary case where you want to maximize the minimal autocorrelation. For example, a binary sequence that has 1s and 0s arranged to minimize the maximum autocorrelation. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence".

In the case of binary sequences, the optimal minimal autocorrelation is achieved by certain sequences, such as those constructed for specific lengths. However, our case is continuous and with integral constraint.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that's a combination of several pulses, each of which is spaced apart by a certain distance. For example, if we have multiple pulses that are spread out, then shifting them by certain amounts would result in less overlap.

But how to choose the parameters? This seems like a complex optimization problem.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation between h and itself is related to the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform. However, since the function is over a finite interval, the Fourier transform might be more complicated. But if we can model the function in a way that the Fourier coefficients are carefully chosen, perhaps leading to lower cross-correlation for certain shifts.

But this might be too abstract. Let me think about possible practical approaches given the time constraints.

The previous code tried several heuristics, but maybe we can improve the initial guesses or the optimization steps. For example, using more structured initial guesses based on known optimal configurations or generating a larger diversity of initial patterns.

Another approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method. Instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, which might get stuck in local optima, perhaps using a global optimization method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a combination of differential evolution with more iterations and better parameter settings could help. Also, maybe using a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values.

Wait, in the initial code, the initial h is taken from initial_h_values, which is provided. If that's a good starting point, perhaps we can perform a more thorough optimization from there. Also, using multiple starting points with more variation could help.

Another idea is to use a method like basin-hopping, which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima. However, I'm not sure if the scipy.optimize has a basin-hopping method.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to run multiple differential evolution runs with different parameters, and then refine the best solutions.

But given the time budget, I need to make sure that the code can run within 100 seconds.

Another thought: the previous code used SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a better method like COBYLA could improve the result. Also, checking for multiple local minima by trying different initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating pulse, saw, and triangle waves, maybe creating functions with different patterns, such as triangular waves with different frequencies, or random patterns with certain properties.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Perhaps using a different number of points would allow for better optimization. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe trying with 40 or 48 points instead of 45 could be better.

Wait, the initial_h_values has 45 samples. Let's check what that implies. For 45 points, dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. If we can use the same number of points, that's manageable.

Alternatively, perhaps using a higher number of points, but that may take more time. The previous code's differential evolution uses a popsize of 50 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help.

Another thought: the current code evaluates the cross-correlation using the full mode of np.correlate, which gives the cross-correlation for all possible lags. The maximum of these values is then multiplied by dx to get the C5 value. So, for the function h with n points, the cross-correlation will have 2n-1 elements. Therefore, the maximum is over those.

But perhaps there's a way to optimize this calculation more efficiently, but I think that's already handled in the code.

Another idea: maybe using a more effective way to model the h function. Instead of using basic waveforms, maybe using a more complex pattern that is designed to have low overlaps. For example, a function that alternates between high and low values in a structured way.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal function might have to be symmetric, or satisfy certain symmetry conditions. For example, a function that's symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0, 2], or other symmetries that could help in balancing overlaps.

But how to enforce that in the optimization?

Well, perhaps adding symmetry constraints to the optimization problem could lead to better results. For example, ensuring that the function is symmetric around x=1. However, this might be difficult to implement in practice unless the optimization method supports constraints.

Alternatively, the optimization could be performed with more careful tuning of parameters. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination rates in differential evolution, or using a different optimization method.

Another approach: instead of using differential evolution, maybe use a genetic algorithm, which might be more effective in exploring the search space. However, I need to check if scipy has a genetic algorithm implementation. Scipy's optimize module has differential evolution, which is a population-based method similar to genetic algorithms but deterministic.

Alternatively, maybe combining differential evolution with other techniques.

Another possibility is to use a random search with a large number of trials, but that might not be efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with popsize=50 and maxiter=50, which is 50*50=2500 evaluations. Then, it refines the best solution with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution could yield better results.

Also, the code uses a few initial guesses and then refines them. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the frequency and duty cycle parameters could generate more diverse starting points.

But given the time constraints, I need to make the code efficient. So, perhaps the following steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Run differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population.
3. Use more diverse initial guesses, such as random patterns, but with some structure.
4. Refine the best solution using SLSQP or COBYLA.
5. Consider using symmetry or other constraints to guide the optimization.

But how to implement this within the given code structure?

Let me think about modifying the code.

First, perhaps the previous code uses 45 points, which is manageable. Let's proceed with that.

In the current code, the initial guesses include several generated functions. Maybe generating more of them could help. For example, adding more random guesses or different frequency/duty combinations.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has regions where the function h(x) is close to 0.5. This is because if h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then the integral would be 1 (since average value is 0.5 and length is 2), and the overlap integral would be 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. If h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then ∫ h h(x+k) dx = 0.25 * 2 = 0.5 (since the integral of 0.5*0.5 over 2 units is 0.5*0.5*2 = 0.5), so the overlap integral is 1 - 0.5 = 0.5. This is worse than the current best of 0.38, so h(x) can't be uniform. Hence, the optimal solution must have some regions where h(x) is higher and lower than 0.5.

Thus, a better approach would be to have the function vary between higher and lower values, but in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Let me think about modifying the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a good starting point, maybe we can perform more thorough optimization.

Another approach: instead of using multiple different guesses, focus on a few diverse starting points, then optimize them. For example, using the initial_h_values and a few other patterns generated with varying parameters.

But given the code's structure, I need to integrate this into the existing code.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is evaluated for all shifts, maybe the function h should have a low value of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx for all k. So, the function should be designed to have low overlap with itself at any shift. This is similar to the idea of a "good" sequence in signal processing.

Perhaps using a function that is the characteristic function of a set of intervals arranged in a way that their overlaps when shifted are minimized. For example, if the function is 1 in three intervals spaced apart, such that any shift would cause less overlap.

But how to model that? For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into two equal parts, but that would not be optimal as shifting by 1 would result in perfect overlap.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple 1s and 0s arranged in such a way that overlapping with shifts is minimized. For example, a function that is 1 for 1/3 of the time, then 0 for 1/3, then 1 again. But this is just an example.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to model. Hence, returning to the optimization approach.

Perhaps the code can be modified to include more initial guesses, and adjust the optimization parameters to get better results.

Let me outline possible modifications:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more diverse patterns (e.g., different frequencies and duty cycles).
2. Update the differential evolution parameters to have higher maxiter and popsize.
3. Use a more efficient refining step, such as using COBYLA or other methods.
4. Ensure that the code can run within the 100 seconds budget.

But how to balance these changes?

Another idea: the current code runs differential evolution for 50 iterations with a population size of 50. That's 50*50 = 2500 function evaluations. Perhaps increasing the population size to 100 and maxiter to 100 would allow more exploration, but this would increase the time consumption.

However, the user has a 100s budget, so the code must be efficient.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the main starting point, and perform a more thorough optimization from it.

Additionally, the code could run the differential evolution for more iterations, then refine the solution further.

Also, perhaps the previous code's evaluations of the cross-correlation using np.correlate may not be accurate due to the way the padding is handled. Wait, the code uses mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all lags. For example, if the array is of length n, then the cross-correlation will have length 2n-1. For each possible shift k, which is from -(n-1) to n-1. But the integral is over the overlapping region. However, the np.correlate may not properly account for the entire interval due to the way it's computed, but since the original function is over [0,2], maybe it's handled correctly.

But perhaps there's a mistake in how the cross-correlation is calculated. For example, the code multiplies the correlation by dx, but the np.correlate returns the sum of products, and multiplying by dx would convert the sum into an integral. However, this depends on the specific setup.

But given that the code was previously working, maybe I should not change that part.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. If that's a good starting point, then perhaps the optimization can converge faster from there. However, if it's a local minimum, then other starting points are needed.

Another possible improvement is to use a stronger optimization method. For example, using the Bayesian optimization approach, but scipy doesn't have that. Alternatively, using a more efficient method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, but that's not suitable for high-dimensional problems.

Alternatively, the code can use a combination of different optimization methods, starting with differential evolution for exploration, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

So, putting all this together, the code could be modified as follows:

- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, pulse, saw, triangle waves, and random patterns.
- Run differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population.
- Refine the best solutions with SLSQP and COBYLA.
- Ensure that the code tracks the best solution and stops when the budget is near.

But the previous code already does some of this. Perhaps the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough or the optimization parameters are not optimal.

Another idea: the previous code used the same initial_h_values but generated other guesses. Maybe adding more guesses based on different waveforms, such as square waves, more triangle variations, or more random patterns.

Alternatively, generate some initial guesses that are the initial_h_values with certain modifications, like adding noise or shifting the positions.

In summary, to improve the previous code's performance, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional initial guesses with different patterns to cover more possibilities.
3. Run differential evolution with more iterations and higher population.
4. Refine the solution with more objective function evaluations using SLSQP or COBYLA.
5. Ensure that the code respects the time budget by stopping early if necessary.

Now, translating this into code modifications. Let me think about the code structure.

The code currently has a list of guesses generated from pulse, saw, triangle, and random functions. Maybe expanding this list with more variations could help. For example, adding more duty cycles, higher frequencies, or different wave types.

Another thing to consider is that the current code runs differential evolution for 50 iterations with a population size of 50. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations to 100 and population size to 100, but this would increase computation time. However, given the time budget, perhaps it's feasible.

But in the code, the differential evolution is run for 50 iterations, which is not enough. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 would allow better exploration.

Another idea: in the refinement phase, use the COBYLA method with more iterations.

Also, the code uses a for loop with 5 iterations of refinement. Perhaps increasing that to 10, or more, could help.

But I need to make sure the code runs within 100 seconds.

Let me outline the steps for the modified code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses.
- Run differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population.
- Refine the solution with more optimization steps.

Let me write these changes into the code.

For example:

- In the guesses section, add more patterns, like different frequencies for pulse, saw, and triangle functions.
- In the differential evolution step, increase maxiter to 100 and popsize to 100.
- In the refinement steps, use more iterations.

But I must also consider the computational time. For example, differential evolution with 100 iterations and a population of 100 would take 100 * 100 = 10,000 function evaluations. Each function evaluation involves calculating the cross-correlation, which is O(n^2) for n=45, so 45^2 = 2025 operations. But in Python, that may take some time. However, given that the budget is 100 seconds, this could be feasible.

Another optimization: perhaps using a smaller population size and more iterations. For example, popsize=50 and maxiter=100 gives 50*100=5000 evaluations. This might be manageable.

But I need to test. However, given that this is a code submission, I need to make the best possible changes within the constraints.

Let me also consider that the current code uses a time check to stop early. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would help, but I'll have to adjust the code to not go over the time budget.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 45. If I can confirm that this is the optimal number, then I can proceed with that.

So, in code, I can make the following changes:

- Generate more initial guesses, like adding more frequencies for pulse and triangle functions.
- Increase the maxiter for differential evolution.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Ensure that the code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point.

Let me try to code these changes.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method for optimizing the initial guesses. However, this method may not be the best for some problems. Perhaps using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a quasi-Newton method for bounded problems, could yield better results.

But I need to check if that's possible. The code's current optimization uses 'SLSQP' and 'COBYLA' methods.

Alternatively, using a combination of different methods for different phases.

But given the time, I need to make specific changes.

Now, putting it all together, the modified code would look similar to the previous one but with more initial guesses, adjusted differential evolution parameters, and more refinement steps.

Finally, the code must return the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points. The initial_h_values is given as a global variable, so the code must reference it directly.

So, the final code will include:

- More initial guesses.
- Differential evolution with increased parameters.
- More refinement steps.
- Proper time tracking.

Now, translating this into the code:

I'll adjust the guesses section to include more patterns. For example, adding more pulse functions with different frequencies, and more saw/triangle functions with different duty cycles. Also, adding more random patterns.

Additionally, adjust the differential evolution parameters to have a higher maxiter and popsize.

In the refinement steps, increase the number of iterations.

Here's how I can implement these changes in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_rand():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 200})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```