<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower. The previous code uses a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should think about the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0, 2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. I need to find h that minimizes this maximum value. 

The previous approach tried various pulse and wave functions as initial guesses, then optimized using different methods. Maybe I can find a better starting point or use a different optimization strategy. Also, maybe using more efficient algorithms or better hyperparameters could help.

Another thought: the problem has a lot of symmetry. Maybe using a periodic or piecewise-constant function with certain symmetries could lead to better results. For example, a function that's designed to have small overlaps with its shifted versions.

Let me consider the current best construction. The initial_h_values has 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps keeping it to under 1k samples, maybe 100s is feasible. Wait, but the previous example uses 45 points, which is small enough. So maybe keeping the same number of points but improving the optimization process.

Alternatively, maybe use a different optimization strategy. For example, genetic algorithms could explore more diverse solutions. But given the time budget, perhaps using a combination of optimization methods and more efficient parameter tuning.

Another approach is to use gradient-based methods more effectively. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach, like Bayesian optimization, but that might be too complicated. Alternatively, adjusting the tolerance and iteration counts to get better convergence.

Also, the evaluation of the overlap integral uses np.correlate. Maybe the way the integral is approximated could be optimized. But I think that's handled by the dx scaling.

Hmm. What about the initial guesses? The previous code tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying more structured initial guesses, like using a specific pattern that's known to have good overlap properties. For instance, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a set of points that are spread out, so that when shifted, they don't overlap much with the original set. So perhaps the optimal h is a binary step function that's designed to minimize the maximum overlap. But since it's a continuous function, maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Another idea: use a periodic function with certain frequencies. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically. But since the integral has to be 1 over [0,2], the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So, for example, a square wave that is 1 for half the time and 0 for the other half, but arranged to minimize the overlap when shifted.

But how to determine the shift that would maximize the overlap? For a square wave with period T, shifting by T/2 would result in the same pattern, leading to maximum overlap. But if the square wave has a different period, maybe shifting by certain amounts could lead to lower overlaps. But this might not directly apply here.

Alternatively, perhaps a more complex function that has varying widths and positions of intervals where h(x) is 1. For example, using a combination of intervals that are spaced apart in a way that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

But how to find such a configuration? Optimization is needed. So perhaps the initial guess can be constructed in a smart way, not just random or standard waveforms.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values, which is provided. Maybe I can improve upon that initial guess. Or maybe generate a different initial guess that is better than the current one.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach where you do a global search with differential evolution to find a good initial guess, and then refine with a local method like SLSQP.

But in the previous code, the differential evolution is called with a limited number of iterations, and then refined with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different parameters could yield better results.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The integral of h must be 1. The previous code uses a constraint that enforces sum(h) = n_points / 2, which is correct because dx = 2/n_points, so the integral is sum(h) * dx = (n_points/2) * (2/n_points) = 1. So that's correct.

Now, for the optimization objective, the code is minimizing the maximum overlap. But how is this handled? The objective function returns the maximum of the convolution. However, for numerical optimization, it's important that the objective function is smooth. Since the maximum is a non-smooth function, using gradient-based methods might be challenging. But SLSQP can handle inequality constraints, but the objective is non-smooth. So maybe using a different approach.

Alternatively, approximate the maximum as a smooth function. For example, using the maximum of several terms, but that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, during optimization, it's better to minimize the maximum, which can be expressed as minimizing max_i (correlation_i). So the previous code correctly computes this as the objective function.

But in practice, for optimization, using a smooth approximation could help. However, the code uses the actual maximum, which is what's needed.

So perhaps the problem is that the previous code uses a limited set of initial guesses and a certain number of iterations. Maybe trying more diverse initial guesses could help in escaping local optima.

Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, generate initial guesses based on grid patterns. For example, for n_points, divide the interval into equal parts and assign h(x) to be 1 in certain positions and 0 in others. But that would be a binary function. However, the initial_h_values might not be binary, so maybe a better approach is to create a binary pattern that's more optimal.

But with the problem's constraints, perhaps a binary function is not possible due to the integral constraint. Wait, for example, if the function is binary (0 or 1), the integral would be the number of 1s multiplied by dx. So sum(h) = n_points / 2. So the number of 1s would be n_points / 2. Which is possible only if n_points is even. For n_points = 45 (as in the initial code), that's not possible. So the initial_h_values is not binary. So perhaps generating some binary-like functions with certain spacing could be beneficial.

But again, the problem is that optimizing such a function would require considering many possible configurations. So perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach, where the "genes" are the positions and widths of intervals where h is 1.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would be time-consuming, especially with the time budget. Maybe a better approach is to use a more sophisticated optimization method, like a covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES), which is an evolutionary algorithm that adapts the covariance matrix of the parameters. However, integrating that might be complex.

Alternatively, use a combination of different optimization steps. For example, first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then perform a local optimization with SLSQP to refine it.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run 5 times with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or increasing the population size could help find better solutions.

Another thing: in the initial code, the optimization loop for generating guesses includes various pulse, sawtooth, triangle functions. Maybe adding more such functions or varying parameters could lead to better initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies or duty cycles.

But perhaps the current approach is not enough. Let me think of possible improvements:

1. Use a different initial guess that is more optimized. For example, creating a function that is a combination of multiple intervals with certain spacing.

2. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and other optimization steps to allow for more thorough exploration.

3. Use a more efficient optimization method, like a combination of different techniques or adaptive methods.

4. Try different starting points, such as using the current best construction as an initial guess, but perturbing it to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

5. Use more sophisticated hyperparameters for the optimization algorithms, such as adjusting the tolerance levels, max iterations, or other parameters to better converge.

6. Explore different ways to construct the initial guess. Instead of generating random or standard waveforms, perhaps using a more structured approach.

Let me consider the code structure. The current code defines a run function that starts with initial_h_values, then generates various guesses and optimizes them. Then, after some iterations, it refines the best solution.

To improve this, maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying their parameters more. For example, generating more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, trying to create a more structured initial guess. For instance, using a function that is designed to have low overlap when shifted. For example, a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0, 2], and has a certain pattern that repeats.

But how to create such a function algorithmically? Maybe using a periodic function that fits the integral constraint. For example, a function that is 1 for intervals spaced out in a certain way.

Another idea: since the integral is fixed, perhaps the function can be designed to be as "spread out" as possible. For example, using a function with several intervals of 1's separated by zeros, spaced such that shifting by any amount would not cause significant overlap. However, designing such a function is an optimization problem.

Alternatively, use a greedy approach to place intervals where they don't overlap too much with their shifted versions. But again, this would require an iterative optimization process.

In the context of the code, perhaps the key is to optimize the initial guesses more thoroughly. Let me think about the code's hyperparameters. For example, in the differential evolution part, the code uses a popsize of 60 and maxiter of 60. Maybe increasing the population size or the iterations could allow for better exploration. However, with the time budget, increasing these might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a smaller population size with more iterations.

Also, the code uses the 'ftol' parameter for SLSQP, which is the tolerance for the function value. Maybe adjusting this can help converge better.

Another thing: the initial code uses the Nelder-Mead simplex method for differential evolution. Wait, no, the code uses optimize.differential_evolution with certain parameters. But maybe the default settings are not optimal. For example, the mutation and recombination parameters.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization library. But the code already uses scipy.optimize, which is part of the allowed libraries.

Another thought: the current code uses a limited number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on different parameters or patterns could lead to better results. For example, generating more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with varying frequencies and duties, or combining different patterns.

But I need to keep the code concise. The previous code tried frequencies from 3 to 13 and various duty cycles. Maybe expanding this range could help.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess strategy, such as using an initial guess that is already close to the optimal solution. However, since the initial_h_values might not be the best, perhaps starting with that and then optimizing further.

Another approach: instead of generating random guesses, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters of the initial functions (like frequency, duty cycles, etc.) to find better initial guesses. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using the current approach but with more iterations. Let me think about the code flow. The initial code runs several guesses, then runs differential evolution a few times, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for these steps.

But the code has a time budget of 100 seconds. How much time is each part taking? For example, the initial guess generation may take some time, but the main optimization steps are the SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another possible improvement: precompute all possible shifts and use a different formulation of the problem. However, since the overlap integral is already handled by the convolution, the current approach is correct.

Wait, the overlap integral is computed as max_k (integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx). For a step function with n_points samples, the convolution is approximated using np.correlate. The code uses 'full' mode for the correlation, which gives the convolution over all possible shifts. The maximum of this gives the desired C5.

Another thing to consider: the step function is defined over [0, 2], but when shifting by k, the function may go out of bounds. So for example, shifting by k=1.5, the overlap integral would be from x=0 to x=0.5 (since x+k ranges from 1.5 to 2.0). However, np.correlate automatically handles the convolution, so the code may be correctly calculating the integral over all k where the overlap is valid.

But I think the code correctly computes the maximum overlap value.

So, to improve the previous code, maybe the key is to increase the number of initial guesses, use a better optimization strategy, and adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to achieve a better convergence.

Let me think about the current code's structure. The run function starts with the initial guess, then generates several guesses (pulses, sawtooths, triangles, and random functions). Then it runs SLSQP on each of these, and then runs differential evolution to find better solutions, then refines them.

Perhaps the issue with the previous run is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local optima. To address this, I can generate more initial guesses by varying parameters more, or using a different pattern. For example, adding more types of functions or varying the parameters more extensively.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, generate guesses based on certain patterns that are likely to be good. For instance, using a function that has multiple intervals of 1s, separated by zeros, such that their shifts do not overlap much. However, generating such a function algorithmically would require some clever pattern.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of several waveforms with different frequencies. For example, combining a pulse train with a sawtooth wave. But how to implement this in code without writing a complex function?

Alternatively, using a more structured approach in the initial guesses. For example, for the initial guess, create a function that is a combination of pulses with certain spacing, and then optimize from there.

Another possible improvement is to use the current best solution from the previous code and refine it further. However, the code already runs several refinements.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm. But implementing a genetic algorithm might be too complex within the code size constraints.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between shifted versions of the function. This is similar to the problem of designing a signal that avoids certain correlations, which is related to coding theory. Perhaps there are known techniques from that field that could be applied here.

But since I need to find a practical way within the code, perhaps the key is to adjust the optimization parameters and increase the number of iterations.

Let me think about how to adjust the code. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step, or using more initial guesses.

In the previous code, after generating some initial guesses, they are optimized with SLSQP. Then, differential evolution is run 5 times, which may not be enough. Maybe increasing the number of times differential evolution is run or increasing the maxiter.

Also, the refinement step runs SLSQP 10 times. Maybe increasing that number would allow further optimization of the best found solution.

Another thing to consider: the code uses the same bounds and constraints every time. But with the current setup, the constraints are correctly set to enforce the integral.

So, putting it all together, here's a plan for improving the code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more varied functions, such as different waveforms with different parameters.

2. Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution to allow for more thorough exploration.

3. Use more initial guesses generated with different patterns and parameters.

4. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP to further optimize the solution.

5. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods (e.g., tolerance, max iterations) to allow for better convergence.

But how to implement these in code without making it too long?

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It already has a loop generating various initial guesses. To increase the number of initial guesses, I can add more functions, like varying frequencies more, or different types.

Also, in the differential evolution step, the code runs it 5 times with a limited number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of times it's run or increasing the maxiter.

Another idea: in the code, the Differential Evolution is called with 60 iterations. But perhaps increasing the maxiter to 100 or more could help find better solutions. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance between exploration and convergence.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method, like using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method for certain steps. But the code uses SLSQP and differential evolution.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but maybe there's a way to compute it more accurately or use a different approach. However, I think this is already handled.

Now, considering all these possibilities, I can try to adjust the code to generate more initial guesses, increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and refinement, and adjust other parameters.

For example, in the initial code, generating more guesses by adding more frequencies or duties. Also, increasing the number of times the differential evolution is run.

But the code is already quite long. So I need to make sure the changes are efficient and within the token limit.

Another idea: instead of generating random functions, use the initial guess and then generate variations around it, such as perturbing it slightly and using those as initial guesses. This could help in finding better solutions.

But again, this might require more code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the code's existing steps to increase the number of iterations, generate more initial guesses, and possibly use more optimized parameters for the optimization methods.

So, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.

- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods for better convergence.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

For example, in the guesses part, adding more frequencies and duties. Also, increasing the number of random guesses.

In the differential evolution step, increasing maxiter and popsize.

In the refinement step, increasing the number of iterations.

I can also adjust the parameters of the SLSQP optimization, like increasing maxiter.

But I need to ensure that the code remains within the token limit.

Let me outline the changes:

- In the 'guesses' list, expand the range of frequencies and duty cycles.

- Increase the number of times differential evolution is run.

- Increase the maxiter in the differential evolution call.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

- Adjust the SLSQP options, like increasing maxiter.

Another point is that the current code uses 'ftol' of 1e-10 for SLSQP. Maybe adjusting this to a higher value could allow for faster convergence, but at the expense of precision.

However, the code needs to find the best possible solution within the time budget.

So, the revised code would look something like this:

1. Generate more initial guesses by expanding the frequency and duty ranges.

2. Run differential evolution more times with higher maxiter.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps.

But since I can't write a very long code, I need to make sure that the changes are concise.

Let me proceed to code these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 20):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```