<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem of improving the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which translates into finding a function h that, when convolved with 1-h, gives the smallest possible maximum value. The current best is 0.38085, and we need to get lower than that.

First, I need to understand the previous approach. The initial code used a combination of different guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It also had a refinement step. But perhaps there's a better way.

The main challenge here is the high-dimensional optimization problem. With n_points=45, the problem has 45 variables, and the objective function is non-convex. So, standard local optimization methods can get stuck in local minima. Maybe we can try different starting points or use more efficient optimization strategies.

Wait, the previous code uses initial_h_values which is provided. But the user says if initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So I need to start from there. But maybe there's a better way than the previous approach.

Another idea: perhaps using symmetry or specific structures in h. For example, maybe h is periodic or has repeating patterns. But the domain is [0,2], so maybe splitting into parts.

Let me think about the overlap integral. The integral is the maximum over all shifts of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of this, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the product doesn't get too large. So, perhaps the function h should be arranged so that it's sparse and covers the interval in such a way that overlapping regions are minimized.

Another thought: since the integral is over the entire interval, maybe we can model this as a covering problem where h(x) is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but arranged such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, since h is a step function, it's possible that using multiple regions with different heights might help. Wait, no—the problem says it's a step function, but step functions here are just piecewise constant. So h could have multiple segments, each with a value between 0 and 1.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but the code uses discrete samples. So each sample h[i] can be considered a step. The integral is approximated by summing over the samples with dx.

But the key is that the function h is piecewise constant, and the integral is over x, with k being the shift. So when you convolve h with 1 - h, you're looking at how much h and 1 - h overlap for all possible shifts.

The previous approach uses multiple starting points and optimization. Maybe we can try a different approach. Perhaps using genetic algorithms for global optimization, but given the time constraints, it's not clear if that's better. Or maybe using a different optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, but integrating that into the code might be complicated.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into multiple regions where h is either 0 or 1, or some combination. However, the problem allows h to take values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So perhaps using a more continuous approach with careful placement of transitions.

Another approach is to model this as a dynamic programming problem, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, maybe using a variational approach, but again, with the constraints on the integral.

Let's think about the constraints. The integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h is 0.5. So the function has to spend half of its area at 1 and half at 0. But since it's a step function, it's a combination of intervals where h is 1, intervals where it's 0, and possibly some intervals with intermediate values.

But perhaps the optimal function has three regions. For example, maybe h is 1 for a certain length, then 0 for another, then 1 again. Wait, but the interval is [0,2], so maybe overlapping shifts could be minimized by having h cover the interval in a way that when shifted, the overlap isn't too large.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a signal h that when convolved with 1 - h, has minimal maximum value. This resembles a type of anti-correlation problem. So, perhaps the function h should avoid being too similar to 1 - h in any shifted version. So, perhaps h should be arranged such that it's "spread out" and doesn't have too many overlapping regions when shifted.

But how to translate that into an algorithm?

The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and then optimizes. Maybe we can improve this by using more sophisticated starting points. For example, instead of using random guesses, maybe using structured patterns like sawtooth, triangle, or other waveforms that have good spread.

Wait, the previous code generated pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves as initial guesses. Maybe adding more patterns or varying the parameters could help. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method.

Wait, the problem allows for n_points less than 1k, but the initial code uses 45. Maybe trying a larger n_points could help? But larger n_points would require longer computation time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so if n_points increases, the time per iteration might increase, but maybe with more points, we can get a better solution.

Alternatively, maybe using a smaller n_points. But the user says that they prefer smaller sequences for faster optimization. The previous code is using n=45. Let's see: if we can find a better solution with, say, n=60, but that might be computationally more expensive. However, given that the previous code is already using 45, perhaps trying to enhance the existing approach is better.

Another idea: using multiple refinement steps. The previous code had a refinement loop. Perhaps adding more refinement steps or using different optimization methods.

Another potential issue is that the previous code uses the SLSQP method, which is a local optimizer. So if the initial guess is not good, it might get stuck. To improve this, perhaps using a global optimization method first to find a good starting point, then refining with SLSQP.

But how to implement that in code. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then applying SLSQP. The previous code already does that in part.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses are generated from different patterns, and then each guess is refined with SLSQP. Then, after that, differential evolution is used again. Maybe the order could be improved. For example, first doing differential evolution to find a good guess, then refining.

Also, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the optimization. For instance, in the SLSQP method, the maxiter and ftol could be adjusted. In the previous code, they are set to 150 and 1e-10, which might be too high for the time budget. Maybe reducing the maxiter could save time and allow more iterations in other parts.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is derivative-free and might handle constraints better.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach is the closest. Let's think about possible improvements.

The previous code uses a list of guesses, including random ones. Maybe generating more diverse guesses could help. For example, varying the frequencies and duties for the pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Also, maybe adding more structured guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses 150 max iterations for SLSQP. If the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps the time is better spent in differential evolution. But the code already has a loop that runs differential evolution several times.

Alternatively, maybe the current code could be adjusted by increasing the number of initial guesses. For example, generating more initial guesses with different frequencies, or even using a grid search over parameters.

Alternatively, trying to find a more structured function. For example, the optimal function might have a specific structure, such as being composed of three equal-length intervals where h is 1, 0.5, and 0. But this is speculative.

Alternatively, considering that the Erdős constant for k=5 is known, and the optimal solution might have certain properties. Looking up known results (though I'm not allowed to do that), but assuming that some patterns are known.

Another approach is to use a grid search over possible patterns, but with the time constraints, it's not feasible. So perhaps focusing on the existing approach and optimizing parameters.

Let me look at the previous code's initial guesses. It includes pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe some of these are not helpful. For example, the sawtooth and triangle waves are periodic, but the domain is [0,2]. Maybe generating patterns that have more variance in their structure.

Another idea: using a piecewise function that alternates between high and low values, but with varying lengths. For example, a function that is 1 for some time, 0 for some, 1 again, etc., but arranged to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe generating such patterns as initial guesses.

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimization with constraints. The function h must have integral 1, and we want to minimize the maximum overlap. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

But since the integral is over [0,2], the shift k could be such that x +k is within [0,2]. So, for a given k, the integral is calculated over the overlapping region. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which gives a full convolution, and then the maximum of that is taken after multiplying by dx.

So, the key is to find a function h such that the convolution h * (1-h) has its maximum value minimized.

But how to model this. The overlap for k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For each k, this is the area where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1, which would be the area where h(x) =1 and h(x+k)=0. But the integral is the sum over all x, which depends on the overlap between the support of h and the support of 1-h shifted by k.

Wait, the maximum of these integrals is what we want to minimize. So the problem becomes similar to designing a set of intervals (since h is a step function) such that the overlap between any shifted version of h and the complement of h is minimized.

This seems similar to a covering problem, but with an optimization objective. For example, if h is a union of intervals, then the overlap with the complement would be the regions where h is 1 and the complement is 1, which is where h is 1 and the shifted h is 0. So for a given shift k, the overlap is the length of the intersection between the regions where h is 1 and the regions where h shifted by k is 0.

To minimize this, perhaps the intervals should be arranged such that they are as spread out as possible. For example, if h has three intervals, each spaced apart so that their shifts don't overlap much.

But since the domain is [0,2], and h must have integral 1, if we take three intervals each of length 2/3, that would make the area 1. But that's not possible as the intervals can't overlap. Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So for a piecewise constant function, the sum of the lengths of intervals where h is 1 multiplied by 1 (since it's 1 in those intervals), and the rest is 0. So for example, if h is 1 in two intervals of length 1 each, but that would give an integral of 2, which is more than 1. So to get integral 1, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So, for example, three intervals of length 1/3 each, arranged such that overlapping shifts are minimized.

But how to arrange them. For example, placing them at the start, middle, and end of the interval. But then when shifted, their overlaps could be more manageable.

Alternatively, placing them in a way that their shifts don't overlapping too much. For example, using a spacing of more than 1/2 between their positions.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Maybe the existing code's approach is the best, and the way to improve it is to make the initial guesses more diverse. For example, generating more initial patterns with varying frequencies and duties, or adding other types of functions.

Another possible improvement: combining multiple initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses and sawtooth, also include more complex shapes. Or using a genetic algorithm to evolve the function.

But given the time constraints and the need to fit into the code, perhaps modifying the initial guesses and optimization steps could be the way to go.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP for refining, maybe using another method like Basin Hopping for global optimization. However, integrating that into the code would require more lines.

Alternatively, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations. But that would take more time.

Wait, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 80 iterations with a population size of 150, which could be computationally heavy. Perhaps reducing the population size or the number of iterations to save time.

But considering the time budget, it's better to optimize the computation. So, maybe the previous code is already close to optimal, but there's room for improvement by adjusting the initial guesses.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there are other good starting points. The code already tries some, but maybe adding more.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as the base and then perturbing it slightly. For example, starting with the initial guess and then applying some small variations to improve it.

But how to implement that without adding too much code.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization routine. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is designed for bounds constraints and doesn't require gradients. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is also a constrained optimizer.

Alternatively, adjusting the optimization settings, such as using a smaller ftol to find a better minimum.

But perhaps the main issue is the initial guess. Let's think: the initial_h_values is given. Maybe the previous code's way of generating guesses is not optimal, and we can adjust that.

For example, adding more variations in the pulses, sawtooth, and triangle functions. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle. Or adding pulse trains with different spacings.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of base functions. For example, using a sawtooth wave with specific parameters, then modifying it.

Another approach is to consider that the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be around 0.38, and our goal is to get below 0.38085. So the previous code's best result was 0.381142, which is slightly above the target. So the task is to find a function with a lower value.

So, the key is to find a function h that, when convolved with 1-h, has a maximum integral that is lower than the previous result.

Another idea: perhaps using a step function with more than two intervals. For example, a function that has three intervals of equal length (total length 1), arranged so that shifting them results in minimal overlap.

For example, if the intervals are at positions [0, 1/3], [1/2, 1/2 + 1/3], and [2/3, 2/3 + 1/3], but this may not work. Let's see: the integral of such a function would be 1 (since each interval is length 1/3 and there are three). When shifted by k, the overlap would depend on the shift. But how to calculate this.

But this is getting into the realm of mathematical modeling, which is difficult to do in code. Perhaps the existing code's approach is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 for a certain amount, 0.5 for some time, and 0 for others. This could allow for a more flexible overlap. For example, if h has both 1 and 0.5 regions, the overlap with 1-h would be different. However, this requires careful construction.

Another thought: the previous code uses a certain initial guess (initial_h_values), and then applies various optimizations. Maybe the initial_h_values is already close to the optimal, and the refinement steps can bring it down. So, focusing on refining the initial guess.

In the previous code, the initial guess is used as a base, then other guesses are added. Maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point, and the additional guesses are adding more variation.

Another idea: in the code, the optimization is run for multiple steps. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of the optimization could lead to better results.

For example, in the previous code, after the initial guesses are processed, there is a loop that runs the refinement with SLSQP for 20 iterations. Maybe increasing that number would give better results, but with the time budget, this needs to be balanced.

Another point: the code uses a time check to break the loop if the budget is about to expire. This is important to ensure that the code completes within the time limit.

So, putting all this together, here's what I might do:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, but also include other structured guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, triangle with different parameters).
- Use differential evolution with more careful parameter settings to find a good initial guess.
- Use SLSQP refinement with more iterations to fine-tune the solution.
- possibly adjust the bounds or constraints in the optimization.

But the code is already doing this. So, perhaps the code can be modified to:

1. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses.
2. Increase the number of guesses or refine the parameters of the optimization.
3. Use different optimization methods or adjust the settings of the existing ones.

Another possible improvement is to reduce the number of initial guesses to save time and focus on the most promising ones. However, the previous code already tries a few.

In terms of code changes:

- Maybe adjusting the way the initial guesses are generated. For example, adding more frequencies or duty cycles for the generated pulses and sawtooth waves.
- Maybe including other waveforms, like square waves or other patterns.
- Or even combining different functions.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses include:

- for freq in 1-3, pulses with duty 0.5
- for duty in 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, sawtooth and triangle waves at freq 3

Perhaps adding more frequencies or varying the duty cycles further.

Another idea: maybe trying to find a function that is designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using the theory of discrepancy or covering sets.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, the function h should be such that it is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h has support on three intervals, spread out such that no two intervals are too close.

But how to translate this into code? It might be difficult without a specific mathematical model.

Another possible code change: instead of using the same initial_h_values, perhaps generating a different initial guess that is more optimized. For example, using a different waveform.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method, like using the simulated annealing, but again, integrating that into the code would take time.

Given that the previous code is starting to use the initial_h_values and tries various guesses, maybe the key improvement is to use a more efficient optimization strategy, perhaps combining differential evolution with SLSQP refinement, and ensuring that the code uses the best parameters possible.

Moreover, perhaps the current code's use of differential evolution with 150 population size and 80 iterations is too heavy. Maybe reducing those numbers would save time and allow more iterations in refinement steps.

Another code change: in the differential evolution part, reduce the number of iterations to save time, then focus on refining.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 80 iterations. Let's say we reduce that to 50, and then apply more refinement steps. This could speed up the code, allowing more refinement iterations.

Additionally, the previous code also uses a refinement loop of 20 steps. Perhaps increasing that to 50 or more if time permits.

In terms of the code, the main changes I could make are:

- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps to make them more efficient.
- Adding more initial guesses that might lead to better solutions.
- Using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then exploring variations around it.

But given the time constraints, and the need to fit everything into the code, the code should focus on making these changes.

So, to summarize, the plan is to:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses with varying frequencies and duties.
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP optimization to find a good solution.
- Refine the solution with multiple SLSQP steps.
- Adjust the parameters (like maxiter, ftol, population size, etc.) to balance between exploration and exploitation, within the time budget.

Now, let's think about how to implement this. The previous code already has some of these steps. Let me see if I can make improvements there.

The code uses the initial_h_values and then generates more guesses. Perhaps adding more generated functions. For example, generating more frequencies for the pulses or other waveforms.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, generate more structured guesses. For example, creating functions that are symmetric or have certain properties.

Alternatively, using a grid search over parameters for the generated functions. For example, trying different frequencies and duty cycles for the pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.

In the code, the current generates:

- for freq in range(1, 4): pulses with duty 0.5
- for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]: sawtooth and triangle waves at freq 3

Maybe expanding this to try more frequencies and duties. For example, adding freq=2, and more duty cycles. Or trying different frequencies for the sawtooth and triangle.

Another idea: using a different method for generating guesses. For example, instead of generating a fixed number of guesses, perhaps generating a range of them and selecting the best ones.

But with time and code length constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another possible improvement is to parallelize the optimization steps, but since there's only one CPU, it's not possible.

Now, translating all this into code changes:

- Increase the number of generated guesses by varying freq and duty more.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps (maxiter, ftol, etc.) to make the code faster.
- Trust the initial_h_values and spend more time refining it.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses and adjust optimization parameters.

But to keep it concise, here's how I might adjust the code:

Increase the number of generated guesses by adding more frequencies and duties. For example, for frequencies 1, 2, 3, 4, and duty cycles of 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, and generate pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Also, perhaps adding some more random guesses.

Additionally, in the differential evolution part, use a smaller population size and fewer iterations, but allow more refinement steps.

Another code change: in the refinement loop, increase the number of iterations from 20 to 50, but ensure that it doesn't exceed the time budget.

Putting all these together, the code would look similar to the previous one, but with more initial guesses and adjusted optimization parameters.

But given that the previous code already has a lot of these elements, and the user wants a code block, here's my plan:

Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies and duties, use differential evolution with adjusted parameters, and then refine using SLSQP with more iterations.

Now, coding this into the existing structure, making sure to respect the constraints.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h.copy()]

    for freq in range(1, 5):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(40):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```