<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, let me understand the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0,2] with values in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all k. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since we're dealing with a step function, maybe there's a way to model this with a more structured approach.

The previous approach tried several initial guesses and used SLSQP for optimization. But maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps trying different initial constructions could help. Also, using different optimization techniques or hyperparameter tuning might lead to better results.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 1/2. But the function is a step function, so maybe a more balanced distribution of 0s and 1s could help. The previous code used pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves as initial guesses. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Wait, the current initial_h_values is given, and maybe there's a way to modify it. But the problem says to start from the initial_h_values if available. So I can use that as a starting point.

But perhaps the previous code's approach is too slow or not exploring the space sufficiently. Differential evolution is a global optimizer, but with the given budget, it might not be enough. Maybe combining different optimization strategies would help. For example, using a more efficient initial search followed by local refinement.

Also, the overlap integral is maximized over all k. So the function h needs to be such that when shifted by any k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is minimized. This seems similar to avoiding overlap in the shifted regions.

Another approach: since the integral is over [0,2], shifting k can be considered as a convolution. The maximum value of the convolution of h with 1 - h might be the key. So the problem is to minimize the maximum value of this convolution.

Maybe using Fourier analysis? Since convolution is closely related to multiplication in Fourier domain. However, the problem is non-linear because h is a step function, and the integral is over a fixed interval. Not sure how to apply that directly.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For example, if h is constructed to have certain periodicity, then shifts by k which are multiples of the period would have overlapping regions that are minimized.

Wait, the problem is over the interval [0,2]. So perhaps considering functions with periods dividing 2, like 1 or 2. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 would flip the function. Not sure.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, h must have a density of 1/2. So for every x, h(x) is 1 or 0, but in a way that the average is 0.5. Maybe a binary step function with 0s and 1s arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. However, since h is a step function, it's allowed to have more than two levels, but the previous code uses [0,1] values.

Wait, the problem says h is a step function, which usually means it's piecewise constant. But in the code, it's represented as a sampled array. So the h_values are the step function's values on each interval. But the previous code uses different functions to generate initial guesses.

Maybe trying different initial functions. For example, using a sine wave with certain parameters, or a more complex pattern. Alternatively, maybe a piecewise constant function with different intervals.

Another point: the previous code uses a lot of SLSQP calls, which are local optimizers. Maybe a better approach is to use a global optimization method more effectively, such as differential evolution with a better population size and parameters, or using a hybrid approach.

Also, the previous code has a refinement step where after some iterations, it uses SLSQP to refine the solution. But perhaps tuning the number of iterations or the parameters in the optimization could lead to better results.

Wait, the current code's initial guesses include pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better exploration. For example, using waveforms with different frequencies or other shapes.

Alternatively, perhaps using a binary search approach for the maximum overlap. But I'm not sure how to model that.

Another possibility: considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the sampling step. So maybe focusing on the shifts that are critical. But how to model that in optimization?

Alternatively, the problem might be similar to a covering problem where the function h must avoid being too similar to shifts of itself. So the h needs to be designed such that when shifted by any k, the overlapping area is minimized.

Maybe a better way to generate initial guesses is to use more structured patterns, such as a binary sequence with specific properties. For example, using Gray codes or other sequences that have low autocorrelation.

But since the problem allows h to take values between 0 and 1, perhaps a better approach is to use a piecewise function that has balanced regions. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h(x) is 0 or 1 in a way that shifting by any k (within the interval) leads to minimal overlap.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution with mutations and recombinations. Maybe adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results. Also, increasing the population size might help, but it's limited by time.

Wait, the budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution for two iterations and then some SLSQP refinements. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, but that would take more time. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is followed by more refined SLSQP steps.

Another idea: because the overlap integral is maximized over k, we can precompute the shifts that are most critical. For example, if we can find the k that gives the highest integral for a given h, and then optimize h to minimize that particular k. However, this is challenging because we don't know which k is the worst until after evaluating.

But perhaps using the gradient-based methods (like SLSQP) to target specific shifts. However, since the function is non-convex, this might not be effective.

Alternatively, using a more intelligent initial guess. For example, the current initial_h_values may have a certain pattern that's not optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Let me think: if I can improve upon that, perhaps by modifying certain regions of the initial function. For example, using a different sampling technique to generate a better initial guess.

Another approach: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. So perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a population of functions, where each individual is a step function, and the fitness is the maximum overlap. But implementing a genetic algorithm might be computationally intensive, especially given the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a gradient-based method with a more intelligent search. For example, using a combination of different initial guesses and heuristics.

But considering the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code's parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, using a better initial guess, or using a different optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations and a tolerance. Maybe adjusting the 'ftol' parameter or the maximum iterations could yield better results. Also, using a different optimization method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead might be worth trying, but those are more computationally intensive.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. Since the integral is over [0,2], shifting k can be considered modulo 2. For example, a shift of k can be equivalent to k mod 2. Therefore, the maximum overlap would be over k in [0,2], but perhaps the critical shifts are around certain values. For example, shifts of 0.5, 1, 1.5, etc. Maybe focusing the optimization on these critical shifts.

But how to incorporate this into the objective function? The current code uses the maximum over all k, which is computationally expensive. However, with the sampled h, the maximum is determined by the correlation result.

Wait, the current code computes C5 as the maximum of the convolution of h with 1 - h, multiplied by dx. The numpy.correlate function with mode 'full' gives all possible shifts, so the maximum is taken over those. So the code is already considering all shifts.

Another possible optimization: using a more efficient way to evaluate the maximum. For example, instead of computing the entire convolution, which is O(n^2), maybe focusing on shifts that are most likely to be the maximum. But I'm not sure how to do that.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, like shifts of 0.5, 1, etc. So for each evaluation, the code could check these critical points and compute the overlap for those k. But this is a heuristic and might not capture all cases.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code is already efficient enough, and the key is to explore a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a good starting point but could be improved by applying some transformations.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. If I can generate a better initial guess by modifying it, perhaps by adjusting certain regions. For example, using a different sampling pattern or applying a transformation to the initial function.

Another approach: since the previous code tried various waveforms, maybe generating more diverse initial guesses by varying parameters. For example, using different frequencies, amplitudes, and shapes for the initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code, and then extending it to fit the interval [0,2].

Wait, but Barker codes are sequences with low autocorrelation, which is similar to the problem of minimizing overlap. Maybe using a Barker code as an initial guess. For example, the Barker code of length 5 has correlation values of 1, 2, 1, 0, 1. But I'm not sure how to apply this to the current problem.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence with 0s and 1s arranged to minimize overlap. But the previous code allows h to take values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So perhaps a more continuous approach.

Wait, but the problem states that h is a step function, which usually implies that it's piecewise constant. However, the code represents it as a sampled array, so it's essentially a piecewise constant function with step functions defined on intervals of width dx. Therefore, the h_values are the values on each interval, and the function is a step function.

Given that, maybe the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with certain thresholds. For example, having regions where h is 0, then 1, then 0, etc., in a way that shifts don't overlap much.

But how to find such a structure? It's challenging without a good search strategy.

Another idea: using a simulated annealing approach. This method can escape local optima by allowing some "worse" solutions during the search. However, implementing simulated annealing might be more time-consuming, but perhaps manageable within the budget.

Alternatively, combining differential evolution with SLSQP for refinement is what the previous code did. Maybe fine-tuning the parameters of these methods could help. For example, using a larger population size in differential evolution, or more iterations.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run twice with a popsize of 120 and maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could help, but it would require more time.

Wait, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds. The current code uses differential evolution for two rounds, then some refinement steps. The time limit must be respected. So maybe the code can be adjusted to use a different initial guess and a more efficient optimization.

Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses mutation parameters (0.5, 0.95) and recombination 0.8. Maybe changing these to get better exploration.

Another possible adjustment: using the initial_h_values as the starting point for the SLSQP optimization. The previous code uses several other guesses, but maybe focusing more on the initial guess could yield better results.

Moreover, the previous code's initial guesses include random functions. Maybe removing the random guess and focusing more on structured initial guesses could be better.

Another point: the code calculates the correlation with 'mode' 'full', which gives the full convolution. However, the maximum overlap for shifts within [0,2] would be found in the middle part of the correlation. Maybe there's a way to optimize the correlation computation. For example, since the integral is over [0,2], shifting by k in that interval, the maximum correlation might be found in a specific region of the correlation array. But I don't think that's necessarily true.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at a certain fractional part, like shifts of 0.5 or 1. So during the optimization, the code could focus on those shifts. But I'm not sure how to implement that.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the previous code can be improved by:

1. Using a more efficient initial guess. For example, modifying the initial_h_values in a way that it's better optimized.
2. Using a better optimization method with adjusted parameters.
3. Adding more structured initial guesses that are informed by the problem's properties.
4. Increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps within the time budget.

Let me consider the first idea. If the initial_h_values is the current best, maybe applying a transformation to it could lead to better results. For example, adjusting the function to have a more balanced distribution of 0s and 1s. Or, using a different shaping function for the initial guess.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be considered as a starting point, and then the code applies some optimization steps to it. For example, using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then running SLSQP to refine it, and then running differential evolution.

But the previous code already does this. Maybe the issue is that the previous code's initial guesses (like pulses and sawtooth) might not be optimal. So generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Another idea: generate initial guesses based on different frequency components. For example, using a combination of sine waves with varying frequencies and phases. This could lead to functions that have lower overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence where the values are 0 or 1, arranged to minimize autocorrelation, and then smoothly transitioning between them to fit the step function.

But with the given time constraints, it's challenging to implement all these possibilities. So perhaps focusing on optimizing the existing code's parameters and improving the initial guesses.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code attempts several guesses and then uses differential evolution and SLSQP to refine. The current code's best result is C5 = 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a small gap.

To improve this, maybe:

- Modify the initial guesses to be more effective.
- Tune the optimization parameters in differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Use more efficient methods for evaluating the objective function.
- Add more refinement steps.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then run differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations, followed by SLSQP. Alternatively, use a different order of optimization steps.

Also, since the code uses a fixed number of iterations, maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could help. Let's see: in the previous code, differential evolution runs for 100 iterations with popsize 120. Within 100 seconds, perhaps this is feasible.

But the code also has a refinement step with SLSQP, which can take time. So maybe the time budget is tight.

Another thing to consider is the choice of constraints. The previous code uses equality constraints for the sum of h to be target_sum. This is correct, as the integral of h is 1. So the constraints are handled correctly.

Looking back at the current code's initial guesses, the code generates:

For frequencies 3,4,5,6,7,8: pulses with d=0.5.
For d=0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5: saw and triangle waves with frequency 3.
Also a random guess, then normalized to sum to target_sum.

Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency for the pulses, or using other shapes.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For instance, using a binary sequence with certain properties.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code's parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation parameters, or changing the optimization method.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a multiple objective optimization where we minimize the maximum overlap and also some other properties, like the variance of the function. But this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, precomputing some of the constraints and making the objective function more efficient. For example, caching the correlation results or using vectorized operations.

But the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

In terms of code structure, maybe the previous code can be improved by starting with the initial_h_values as the only initial guess, and then using differential evolution with a higher number of iterations. Or using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with more refinement steps.

Another possibility: using a more efficient optimization library. For example, using scikit-optimize or other Bayesian optimization libraries. However, the current code uses scipy.optimize, which is what's allowed.

In summary, here's a plan for improvement:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the primary initial guess, and possibly a few other structured initial guesses.
2. Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP steps, within the time budget.
3. Adjust parameters of the optimization methods (mutation, recombination, tolerances) to improve exploration and convergence.
4. Add more structured initial guesses, such as different waveforms with varying parameters, to explore the search space more effectively.
5. Use a more efficient refinement step after the global search to fine-tune the solution.
6. Ensure that the code adheres to the token limit and uses efficient code structures.

Now, to translate this into code changes. Let me think about how to implement these changes.

First, the previous code generates several guesses. To make it more efficient, maybe reduce the number of guesses and focus on the initial_h_values and a few others. For example, include the initial_h_values, a few pulses, sawtooth, etc.

Second, adjust the parameters of differential evolution. For example, using a smaller mutation range, or adjusting the population size.

Third, increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution stage. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance the number of iterations and the population size.

Fourth, in the refinement steps, perform more iterations of SLSQP to fine-tune the solution.

Additionally, ensure that the code tracks the elapsed time and stops early if necessary, to fit within the budget.

Let me outline the changes:

- In the guesses part, use the initial_h_values as the first guess, then add a few other guesses (like pulses and sawtooth waves).
- For the differential evolution, increase the number of iterations and adjust parameters.
- In the refinement steps, increase the number of SLSQP iterations.
- Tune the SLSQP parameters for better convergence.

Also, to reduce the number of function evaluations, perhaps use a more efficient objective function calculation.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is calculated as np.correlate, which is O(n^2), maybe precomputing the necessary values. But with the given code, it's already as efficient as possible.

In terms of code, here's how I can modify the previous code:

- Replace the guesses list with a few different initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and some others.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Adjust the mutation and recombination parameters for better exploration.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

Let me try to write this code step by step.

First, ensure that the initial_h_values is used as an initial guess. Then generate other guesses based on different waveforms.

Then, run differential evolution with adjusted parameters. For example, using a larger population size, but possibly fewer iterations to save time.

After that, run multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.

Finally, return the best solution found within the time budget.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The code must be concise and within the token limit. Let me think about how to code this.

The initial code's guesses are generated with various frequencies and d parameters. To make it more efficient, perhaps reduce the number of guesses. For example, using only a few different functions.

Also, using the initial_h_values as one of the guesses.

In terms of parameters for differential evolution, the previous code uses popsize=120 and maxiter=100. Maybe increasing maxiter to 150, or keeping it the same.

But time is limited, so the code must be efficient.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the primary guess and run SLSQP first, then differential evolution.

But perhaps the previous approach of trying multiple guesses and refining is better.

In any case, the code must be modified to align with these ideas.

Now, putting it all together, here's the revised code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * f * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * d / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * d, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * d
    
    guesses = [h]
    for f in [3, 2, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(f, 0.5))
    for d in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, d))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, d))
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    guesses[-1] = (target_sum / np.sum(guesses[-1])) * guesses[-1]
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```