<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses, but maybe I can do better by changing the approach.

First, I should think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral for each shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The maximum of these over all k is C5.

The key is to minimize this maximum value. The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles, then optimizes with SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe I can find a better way to structure the search.

What if instead of random initial points, I use a more structured approach? Like, maybe a periodic pattern or a specific shape that could distribute the overlap better. Since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the function h must cover half the interval on average. Maybe a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals, each with different values, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: the problem resembles a covering problem. The function h needs to be such that when shifted, the overlap with its complement is minimized. So, perhaps a periodic function with specific period and duty cycle.

Wait, the previous code tried pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. Maybe trying different waveforms or combining them. For example, a combination of a square wave and a triangle wave, or a more complex waveform with multiple segments.

Another thought: the current approach uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization method, or combining multiple methods. For example, genetic algorithms might explore the search space more thoroughly, but they can be slow. However, given the time budget, maybe a hybrid approach is better.

But the user mentioned that the previous code already uses differential evolution. What if we can make the optimization more efficient? For example, using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values could be a good starting point, but maybe we can refine it further.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. Instead of directly optimizing the h values, maybe using a Fourier series or some other parametric form to model h. This could reduce the number of parameters and make the optimization easier.

Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function, which is a piecewise constant function. So, maybe the function can be represented as a set of intervals with specific values. For instance, if we split the interval [0,2] into N segments, each with a value 0 or 1. But the previous code uses a step function with varying values, not necessarily binary. Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the definition says h maps into [0,1], so each step can have any value between 0 and 1. However, in practice, the optimal solution might use a few different values, like 0, 1/2, 1, etc., arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: the optimal function h should have a uniform distribution of intervals where it is 1 and 0. For example, if h is a square wave, then shifting it by k would create overlaps where the square wave overlaps with the inverse. However, the square wave might not be optimal.

Alternatively, maybe using a function with multiple segments, each with varying heights. For example, a function that is high in some regions and low in others, arranged so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with a small number of segments. For instance, splitting [0,2] into 5 or 6 segments, each assigned a value between 0 and 1. The total integral over [0,2] must be 1. The challenge is to set the values of these segments to minimize the maximum overlap.

However, the previous code uses a discretized approach with h being an array of values. The number of points is n_points, and dx is 2.0 / n_points. The current solution uses n_points=45, which is a bit small. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for a better approximation, but the time budget might not allow for that. Alternatively, using a smaller n_points but a more optimal structure.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a game between h and the shifts. For a given h, the worst-case k is the one that maximizes the overlap. To minimize this maximum, we need to ensure that for all k, the overlap is below a certain threshold.

This seems like a problem that could be approached with a combination of Fourier analysis and optimization. The overlap integral can be expressed as the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x +k)), which can be seen as a convolution. The maximum over all k would then be related to the maximum of the convolution of h with (1 - h). To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function h needs to have certain properties in the frequency domain.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using the properties of the Fourier transform. For example, the convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since we are dealing with a maximum over k, it's not straightforward. Perhaps the maximum overlap is related to the maximum of the absolute values of the Fourier coefficients?

Alternatively, considering that the worst-case shift k corresponds to a certain frequency. Maybe the optimal h is designed to have a flat Fourier spectrum, or avoid certain frequencies. But again, integrating this into the optimization is non-trivial.

Let me think again about the previous code's approach. It uses differential evolution and SLSQP with various initial guesses. But perhaps the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To avoid that, maybe using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided by the problem are a starting point, but perhaps there's a way to generate better initial guesses.

What if I consider functions that are more balanced? For example, a function that has equal areas of 0.5 and 0.5, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Or maybe functions that are periodic with a certain period that's a divisor of 2, so that the shifts align with the periodicity.

Another idea: the integral constraint requires that the average value of h is 0.5. So, for the entire interval, the function h is half 1 and half 0, or some combination. If we can design h such that whenever it is 1, the regions where it is 1 don't overlap much with the regions where it is 1 when shifted. This seems similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence, but in a continuous setting.

In the discrete case, low autocorrelation sequences are used in things like Golomb rulers and in radar systems. Maybe applying similar principles here. So, for a continuous function, the goal is to maximize the minimum distance between overlapping regions. However, the exact analogy is not clear.

Another thought: the problem might be reduced to finding a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 for a certain interval and 0 otherwise, then shifting it would cause overlaps with the complement. The optimal would be a function that is distributed in a way that the overlap is minimized across all shifts.

But how to model this? Perhaps by using multiple intervals where h is 1, each spaced apart such that their shifts don't overlap. However, the total integral is 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So, if we have multiple intervals, each of length l, the number of intervals would be 1/l. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, spaced such that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

But this is getting too vague. Maybe I should think about the current code's limitations. The previous code uses a variety of initial guesses, but perhaps not all possible shapes are considered. Also, the optimization methods used might not be sufficient. For example, using a combination of global and local optimization methods.

Perhaps a better approach would be to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm that evolves the h values, but this could be slow. Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization to guide the search.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to refine the existing method. Let me think about how to modify the existing code.

First, increasing the number of initial guesses. The previous code uses a fixed set of guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangles, and random). Maybe adding more diverse initial guesses would help escape local minima.

Second, using a different optimization method for each phase. For example, using differential evolution for global search, then refining with SLSQP. The previous code does this, but maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods could help.

Third, making the initial guesses more intelligent. For example, instead of generating random functions, using structured ones that are known to be good for similar problems. For instance, using a function that is a combination of multiple square waves with different frequencies and phases, or a triangular wave with specific parameters.

Fourth, trying to model the problem as an optimization with more constraints. For example, ensuring that the function h has certain properties like being symmetric or having certain smoothness, which might help in reducing the overlap.

Another idea: the overlap integral for shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx. Let's change variables. Let y = x + k. Then, the integral becomes ∫ h(y -k) (1 - h(y)) dy. So, this is the same as the convolution of h with (1 - h), evaluated at k. The maximum over all k is the maximum value of this convolution.

Therefore, the problem is to find h such that the maximum convolution value with (1 - h) is minimized. This is similar to the convolution theorem, so maybe the maximum value relates to the maximum of the Fourier transform's absolute value. However, since we are dealing with a maximum over shifts, not the L2 norm, it's not straightforward.

But maybe using the fact that the maximum of the convolution is related to the maximum of the Fourier transform. For example, if we take the Fourier transform of h and 1 - h, then the Fourier transform of their convolution is the product. However, the maximum of the convolution might be related to the L∞ norm of this product. But this seems complicated.

Alternatively, considering that for a function h, the maximum overlap could be related to the maximum number of overlaps between h and its shifted inverse. So, design h such that for any shift k, the overlap is small.

But again, without knowing the exact relationship, this is not helpful.

Back to the code. The previous code uses a fixed n_points=45. Maybe trying a different number of points. But the user prefers smaller sequences (less than 1k samples), so 45 is acceptable. However, maybe using a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, 60 or 90 points.

But how to decide? The time budget is 100 seconds. So, the code must be efficient.

Another idea: the current code uses differential evolution with a population size of 50 and maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could find better solutions, but it might take more time. Alternatively, using a more efficient algorithm like the particle swarm optimization.

But the user allows using scipy.optimize methods, so perhaps using COBYLA, SLSQP, or other methods.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, then trying to perturb it slightly and optimize. For example, initializing the optimization with the initial guess, and then applying some perturbations to escape local minima.

Wait, the previous code starts with initial_h_values and then generates other guesses. But maybe using the initial_h_values as the main starting point, and just refining it with various optimization steps.

Another idea: using a two-step approach. First, find a good global solution using differential evolution, then refine it with local optimization. This is what the previous code does, but perhaps there are better ways to structure the steps.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it does differential evolution for a few iterations and then refines. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution, such as mutation and recombination rates, could lead to better convergence.

For example, in the differential evolution step, increasing the mutation range (from 0.5 to 0.95) might help in exploring more of the search space, but it's already being done. Maybe using a higher population size or more generations, but this uses more time.

Alternatively, using a better local optimization method, like SLSQP with tighter constraints, to refine the solution.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The cross-correlation for each k is the overlap integral. To minimize this, perhaps the function h should be designed to avoid having large overlaps with its shifted versions. This might be achieved by balancing the function in such a way that it doesn't have long, flat regions that can overlap easily with their shifts.

For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a regular pattern, but with small intervals, might help. But such a function would have high frequencies, which might help in minimizing overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function with a certain number of step changes to distribute the "density" of h(x) uniformly across the interval. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and assigning each segment a value between 0 and 1 such that the integral is 1.

But how to design such a function? Maybe using a periodic pattern with a certain period that divides 2, so that shifting the function by the period doesn't change the overlap.

Another idea: Since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So, for the maximum overlap, it's important that the function doesn't have regions where it's 1 for a long time. If it's designed to have compact intervals where it's 1, the overlaps when shifted would be minimized.

For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length L, then when shifted by k, the overlap would depend on the overlap between these intervals and the regions where h is 1 again. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, the intervals should be spaced such that their shifts don't overlap too much.

However, the total area of the 1 regions must be 1, so the sum of their lengths is 1. If we have m intervals each of length L, then m*L = 1. The spacing between them would be such that when shifted by k, the overlapping area is minimized.

But this is getting into more specific design. However, the code is supposed to be a general optimization algorithm, not a hand-crafted solution.

Given that, perhaps the main improvements over the previous code would be:

1. Using a better initial guess, such as a more structured function that's likely to give a good starting point.
2. Using a combination of global and local optimization methods with more efficient parameters.
3. Adjusting the search space to focus on promising regions.
4. Reducing the number of parameters by using structured forms for h.

But how to implement these changes?

First, for the initial guess, instead of generating random functions, perhaps using a function that is already known to be good. For example, the initial_h_values provided by the problem might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better one. Or, if no initial values are available, creating a structured function like a square wave with a certain frequency.

Second, modifying the optimization steps. For example, using differential evolution with a larger population size and more generations, but this might take more time. Alternatively, using a different optimizer for the initial exploration.

Third, trying to use a different parametrization of the function. For example, instead of using a step function with arbitrary values, parameterizing the function with a few parameters that define its structure.

But given the time budget, maybe what's needed is to improve the existing code's efficiency and effectiveness. Let me think about the changes I can make.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution for optimization. But perhaps using a different optimizer for different stages would help. For example, using genetic algorithms for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement.

However, the user's code can't use all possible optimizers. Let me check the available options in scipy.optimize. The user allows using any of the methods listed, like COBYLA, SLSQP, etc.

Alternatively, maybe using the differential evolution for global search, and then using SLSQP to refine the solution further. The previous code does this, but perhaps adjusting the parameters.

Another idea: to use the initial_h_values as the main initial guess, and other guesses as variations around it. For example, adding small perturbations to the initial guess and optimizing those.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing some values or vectorizing the operations.

In the previous code, the objective function is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation is computed with np.correlate, which is efficient. But perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating a candidate h, the code computes the correlation and takes the maximum value. The dx factor is then multiplied to scale the integral.

But maybe the peak of the cross-correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap. However, the np.correlate function in 'full' mode returns the cross-correlation for all shifts, and we take the maximum of those.

Another thing to consider: the correlation is computed over the entire range of shifts. For a function h defined on [0,2], the possible shifts k range from -2 to +2, but the code computes the correlation in full mode, which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But the maximum overlap occurs for some k in that range. However, the code assumes that the maximum is captured by this.

But maybe there's a better way to compute the overlap. For example, considering only shifts that are within a certain range, or normalizing the integration. However, the current code seems to handle that correctly.

Now, thinking about the code structure: the previous code uses a variety of initial guesses, applies differential evolution with some parameters, then SLSQP refinement. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution (like mutation rate, population size, generations) could improve the results.

Another idea: using the initial_h_values and refining it with more aggressive optimization steps. For example, using a higher number of iterations in the SLSQP steps.

Also, in the previous code, after generating guesses, it uses SLSQP to optimize each guess. However, this might not be efficient for a large number of guesses. Maybe using some of the guesses more effectively.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method for the initial optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method if the objective function is smooth, but since it's a max of a convolution, it might not be smooth.

But given time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the existing code's parameters to see if it can find a better solution. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, changing the mutation range, or adjusting the SLSQP parameters.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses mutation parameters from (0.5, 0.95), which is a range. Maybe experimenting with higher mutation ranges or different parameters could help.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach: first, use differential evolution to find a good solution, then use a local optimizer like SLSQP to refine it further. The previous code does this, but maybe increasing the number of refinement steps.

Additionally, using the `initial_h_values` as the first guess and then doing some more extensive optimization steps.

In terms of code structure, perhaps the previous code can be modified to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a strong starting point.
2. Perform more extensive differential evolution steps, possibly with more generations.
3. Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Perhaps use a different set of initial guesses that are structured in some way, like waveforms with specific parameters.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation as the objective. Maybe there's a way to penalize certain parts of the function to avoid large overlaps, but that would complicate the objective function.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe the code can use a sequential quadratic programming approach with constraints that ensure the overlap is below a certain threshold. However, this would require setting up the problem with inequality constraints, which might be complex.

But the current code uses a maximization of the overlap as the objective. So, the code is trying to find h that minimizes this maximum.

Another idea: using a multi-objective optimization approach, where the total integral is constrained, and the overlap is minimized. But this is already handled by the existing code.

Perhaps the main improvements needed are:

- Using more effective initial guesses.
- Improving the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Performing more thorough optimization steps.

So, in terms of code changes, I can:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the main initial guess and generate other guesses based on it.
2. Modify the differential evolution parameters to explore more effectively.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.
4. Use better initial guesses that are more structured, like functions with specific patterns.

Let me outline the steps to implement this.

First, in the initial guesses, instead of generating random functions, create a few structured functions based on the initial_h_values. For example, perturb the initial_h_values slightly or modify it in a way that could lead to better results.

Second, in the differential evolution step, increase the population size or the number of generations. However, this may take more time. Alternatively, adjust the mutation and recombination parameters to explore the search space better.

Third, in the refinement steps, use SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another idea: using a better way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation values more efficiently, but the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

In terms of code changes for the previous program, the following are possible:

- Change the initial guesses to be based on the initial_h_values, like varying the frequencies or duty cycles of the generated waveforms.
- Modify the differential evolution parameters (e.g., higher mutation range, larger population size).
- Increase the number of differential evolution iterations.
- Add more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Let's try to adjust the code accordingly.

For example, in the guesses section, instead of generating random functions, create a few variations based on the initial_h_values. Or, generate more structured functions.

Also, in the differential evolution part, increase the maxiter and possibly the population size. However, this uses more time, so need to balance between time and improvement.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 50 iterations with population size 50. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 or so, but this may take more time.

Alternatively, using a combination of different initial guesses, including the initial_h_values, and more structured guesses.

Another thing: the initial_h_values may be a good starting point. So, maybe focusing on refining it with more optimization steps. For example, using only the initial_h_values as the starting guess, and then doing multiple refinements with SLSQP and differential evolution.

But to avoid getting stuck in a local minimum, it's important to explore different regions of the search space.

Putting it all together, the revised code could include:

- Using the initial_h_values as the main starting point.
- Generating other guessing functions based on structured patterns (like different frequencies and duty cycles).
- Using differential evolution with more iterations.
- Refining the solution with SLSQP for more steps.

But to fit within the time budget, the code must not take too long. So, perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps and adjusting parameters to speed up convergence.

Another observation: the previous code uses a lot of parameters, but many of the initial guesses may not be effective. For example, the random functions could be discarded if the initial_h_values are already a good starting point.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would involve:

1. Using the initial_h_values as a primary starting guess.
2. Generating more structured and varied initial guesses.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to better explore the search space.
4. Performing more refinement steps with local optimization methods.

Now, translating these ideas into code changes:

- Modify the guesses section to include the initial_h_values and some structured variations.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to have a higher mutation range or more generations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

For example, in the guesses section, instead of generating random functions, include the initial_h_values and a few other structured guesses. Also, perhaps generate more structured guesses based on different waveforms.

In the differential evolution, use a higher population size or more generations.

In the refinement steps, perform more iterations of SLSQP.

But how to implement this in code.

Here's a possible plan:

- Start with the initial_h_values as one of the guesses.
- Generate a few other structured guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different parameters.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and possibly a larger population.
- Refine with more SLSQP steps.

Now, implementing this in code.

Also, the previous code uses a lot of random functions, which may not be effective. Removing or reducing the number of random guesses could save time and focus on structured guesses.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and then generate variations by adding perturbations. For example, slightly perturbing the initial_h_values and using those as guesses.

But this is just an idea.

Overall, the code needs to be adjusted to focus on better initial guesses and more effective optimization parameters.

Another thing: the current code uses a maximum of 50 iterations for differential evolution. Maybe increasing this would help.

Now, let's think about the actual code modifications needed.

First, in the code, the guesses are generated with various functions. We could replace some of the random guesses with structured ones or focus on the initial_h_values.

Second, in the differential evolution, adjust the parameters. For example:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100, ...)

But this will take more time.

Alternatively, using a smaller popsize and more maxiter.

Third, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of iterations.

Putting all together, here's how the code can be modified.

But due to the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach can be modified with better parameters and structured guesses.

Another thing: the current code uses more guesses than necessary. Maybe reduce the number of initial guesses to focus on the most promising ones.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the primary guess.
2. Generate other guesses based on structured waveforms.
3. Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
4. Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.
5. Ensure that the code runs within the time budget.

Now, let's translate this into code changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_rand():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 200})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```