<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods, starting from an initial guess. But the user wants a better approach, possibly different from that.

First, I need to understand why the previous approach might not have reached the target of 0.380876. The current record is 0.38085, so the target is slightly higher. The previous solution had C₅ of 0.381142, which is close. So maybe the key is to find a more efficient optimization strategy or a better starting point.

The user suggests trying something different. Maybe using a different algorithmic approach. Let's think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution can be slow for high-dimensional problems, but since the user mentioned that smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred, maybe focusing on a smaller n_points could help. However, the initial code uses n=45, which is 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise control, but that might take more time. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe keeping n_points small is better.

Another thought: the previous code tried various pulse, saw, and triangle wave functions as initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local optima. Alternatively, using a more targeted initial guess based on known structures or patterns that could reduce the overlap.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, we need to minimize the maximum value of this integral. The challenge is to design h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

Maybe the current approach is getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps using a global optimization method more effectively. The previous code tried differential evolution, but maybe with different parameters or a better combination with local refinement steps.

Alternatively, could we use a Bayesian optimization approach? That might be more efficient in finding the optimal h. However, considering the time budget, which is 100 seconds, and with only one CPU, it's a challenge.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing max over k of the overlap integral, perhaps there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the overlap integral is a function of h and k, and maximizing over k complicates things. So, the problem becomes a non-convex optimization problem, which is hard. Thus, heuristic methods are probably necessary.

Wait, the previous code used the initial_h_values, which might be a starting point that's already close to the optimal. But maybe we can improve upon that. Let's think about the structure of h. Since the integral ∫h dx = 1, h is an average of 1/2 over the interval [0,2]. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need h to have regions where it's high and regions where it's low, but arranged so that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized.

An optimal h might be a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a piecewise constant function with alternating high and low regions. But how to design that? Maybe using a more structured initial guess.

Alternatively, using a method that's similar to the greedy algorithm for covering intervals, where we try to place the function h in such a way that its shifts don't overlap much. But how to formalize that?

Another approach could be to consider the problem as a game between h and the shift k. For each h, there's a worst-case k that maximizes the overlap. The goal is to find h that makes this worst-case overlap as small as possible. So, maybe we can model this as a min-max problem, where h is the variable to optimize.

But solving such a problem directly is difficult. Instead, the optimization approach would have to approximate this.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with an initial guess, then tries various guessed functions (pulses, sawtooth, etc.), and then uses SLSQP and DE to refine. But perhaps the DE part is not being utilized effectively. Maybe increasing the DE iterations or adjusting parameters could help. However, the budget is tight.

Another idea: instead of using a high number of guesses, maybe focus on a few well-chosen initial configurations. For example, using a more informed initial guess based on known results. For instance, the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be related to certain combinatorial designs, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, perhaps using a function that's highly periodic but with non-uniform periods.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem is about convolution-like integrals, maybe the function h can be represented in Fourier space, and the problem becomes minimizing some spectral property. However, this is abstract and may not be straightforward to implement numerically.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a fixed shift k is the inner product of h and (1 - h(k + x)) over x. But since we're integrating over x, the integral becomes the sum over all x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But the integral is over the entire real line, but since h is periodic or defined on [0,2], we have to consider how the shifts wrap around. Wait, the original problem has h defined on [0,2], and the shift is over the real line? Or is the shift within [0,2]?

Wait, the problem says the integral is over [0,2], and the shift k is such that x + k is in [0,2]. Wait, no. Because the integral is over x in [0,2], but for each x, x + k could be outside [0,2]. However, in the code, the correlation is computed as np.correlate with mode 'full'. So the full mode pads the arrays with zeros, which would make the correlation include all shifts where the two arrays overlap. So, for the integral, perhaps the maximum k is such that the overlap is considered. However, the problem says that the integral is for all k. But in the discrete case, we can't consider all k, but the code uses the full correlation to get all possible shifts.

But the user's code uses the full correlation, which would correspond to all possible shifts (since the correlation includes shifts where the two arrays overlap). So, the integral for a given k would be the value of the correlation at position k, but scaled by dx. However, the actual maximum k that we have to consider depends on the size of the array. For example, if the array has n points, then the maximum shift k is (n-1) dx, which for the interval [0,2] would be 2. So, the code's approach of using full correlation is correct.

So, the problem is to find h such that for all possible shifts (within the range of the array), the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx is minimized, and then take the maximum of these integrals.

So, the current code's approach is to try various initial guesses and then optimize. Perhaps we can find a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random guesses, maybe use a more structured approach. Like, using a function that has a certain pattern that could minimize the overlap, such as a periodic function with optimal spacing.

Another thought: the current best is around 0.38085. The target is 0.380876. So we need to find a better solution. Maybe there's a way to create a function h that has more symmetric properties, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, think about the dual problem. The function h is designed so that when you shift it, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) is small. Which implies that h and 1 - h have minimal overlap when shifted. This sounds like a problem of designing a function that has minimal autocorrelation, but in a specific way.

Wait, the integral is similar to the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. So, the maximum cross-correlation value would be the value of C₅. So, minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) would be the goal.

In signal processing, minimizing cross-correlation is related to designing signals with low cross-correlation, which is used in CDMA, etc. So, perhaps there are known methods for such design.

However, in our case, the cross-correlation is between h and (1 - h), but with the constraint that the integral of h is 1.

Alternatively, the problem could be rephrased as designing a binary or ternary signal with certain properties, but since h can take any value between 0 and 1, it's a continuous optimization problem.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a particular k is the area where h(x) is 1 and (1 - h(x +k )) is 1, which is the same as the region where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k ) is 0. Wait, no: the integral is h(x)*(1 - h(x +k )) dx. So, for each x, we take the value of h(x) multiplied by (1 - h(x +k )). The maximum over k of this integral. So, we need to choose h such that for any shift k, the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) is minimized in maximum.

This is similar to minimizing the maximum of the sum of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) over all k. So, the goal is to have h(x) and h(x +k ) as uncorrelated as possible.

So, perhaps the optimal h is such that it's as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. For example, if h is a periodic function with period larger than 2, but that's not possible. Alternatively, a function that alternates between high and low values in such a way that shifting it by a certain amount causes it to align with the opposite regions.

But how to model this? Maybe using a function that is a periodic square wave, but adjusted to have the integral equal to 1. For example, if we have a function that's 1 on [0, a] and 0 on [a, 2], then the integral is a. But the integral needs to be 1, so a = 1. But then the overlap integral would be when shifting by k. For example, if we shift by k = 0.5, then the overlap is the integral over [0, 0.5] of 1*(1 - 1) dx plus the integral over [0.5, 1] of 1*(1 - 0) dx, which is 0.5. Then for k=1, the integral would be 0.5*1 (since overlapping from 0 to 1, but and then shifted by 1, so overlapping the second part). But this example shows that the maximum overlap integral would be 0.5, which is worse than the current best. So a simple square wave isn't good.

So, perhaps a more complex waveform, like a triangle wave or a combination of pulses, would be better.

The previous code tried various waveforms like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle. Maybe generating more sophisticated waveforms could help. But the user wants to avoid long literals and instead generate them algorithmically.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, but that's more complex and might not fit into the time budget. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method with better hyperparameters. The previous code used SLSQP and DE, but perhaps adjusting the parameters could improve the performance.

Alternatively, using a combination of local search with a better initial guess. The previous code tried several initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses that are more likely to be good.

Wait, the initial_h_values might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating an initial guess based on known optimal structures could help. For example, if there's a known optimal function for similar problems, we could use that as a starting point.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method for constrained optimization, which might handle the constraints better. Or using a different method that's more suitable for the problem's structure.

Another idea: using a gradient-based method with a more accurate calculation of the gradient. The current code uses SLSQP, which uses finite differences for gradients. Maybe using automatic differentiation could help, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, the problem might be better approached by dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments and optimizing the values of h in those segments. For example, splitting the interval into equal parts and optimizing the function to have 0 or 1 in certain regions. But since h is continuous and can take any value, this might not be necessary.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any function between 0 and 1, so maybe the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function. So, perhaps the code could consider h as a piecewise constant function with certain breakpoints and optimize them. This would reduce the problem to optimizing a smaller number of variables, which could make it faster.

But how to implement that? For example, dividing the interval into m equal parts and allowing each part to be either 0 or 1. However, the integral of h must be 1. For example, if we divide into m intervals and set the value to 1 for k intervals and 0 otherwise, then the integral would be (k/m) * 2. So, to have k/m * 2 = 1, k = m/2. But this requires m to be even. So for m even, we can set exactly half of the intervals to 1 and half to 0, leading to a function that is a square wave. However, as before, this leads to a maximum overlap of 0.5, which is not good. So this approach might not be useful.

Alternatively, making the function h have a finer granularity, allowing it to take different values in different regions. But again, this is continuous and the code already handles that.

Another thought: maybe the optimal h is symmetric in some way. For example, symmetric around x=1. If we can enforce symmetry in the optimization, that might reduce the search space and help in finding a better solution.

So, the previous code didn't enforce symmetry. Adding symmetry constraints could be a way to improve the optimization. However, adding constraints in the optimization problem would increase the complexity.

Alternatively, the code could generate symmetric initial guesses, such as mirrored patterns, to explore that possibility.

Another idea: the previous code used a lot of different initial guesses but might not have explored them thoroughly. Perhaps the DE part could be improved by using more parallel evaluations or adjusting parameters, but given the time constraint, that's difficult.

Hmm, perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values given might be close to the optimal, but perhaps we can generate a better guess. For example, using a method that is based on the known optimal solution for lower n or using a combination of previous solutions.

Alternatively, consider that the overlap integral is maximized when h(x) is aligned with (1 - h(x +k )) for some k. So, perhaps the optimal h is such that for all k, the regions where h(x) is 1 are not overlapped by regions where h(x +k) is 1. This suggests that h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. One way to do that is to have h be a "balanced" function, where it's 0.5 on average, but varies in such a way that the shifts don't align.

Given that, perhaps using a function that's a sine wave or a more complex waveform that fluctuates between 0 and 1, but with specific parameters. For example, a function that has a certain frequency and duty cycle, which could be tuned to minimize overlap.

Another approach: instead of randomly generating guesses, use a grid search over certain parameters for waveforms. For example, for a pulse function, vary the frequency and duty cycle, and for a triangle function, vary the number of peaks.

But to do this efficiently, the code might need to generate a few parameter combinations for each type of waveform.

Let's think about the existing code's guess generation. It creates guesses for pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Maybe instead of using so many guesses, focus on a few specific parameter combinations that are likely to yield good results.

Alternatively, use a combination of multiple waveforms with different frequencies and duty cycles to create a more diverse initial guess set.

Another idea: the code uses the full correlation, which for each shift gives the overlap integral. So, perhaps the problem can be viewed as a minimax problem where the maximum of the correlation values is minimized. This is similar to certain digital communication problems where code sequences are designed to have low cross-correlation.

Inspired by that, maybe using a set of sequences with orthogonal properties, but constrained to the integral condition.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Perhaps the code can be modified to include more advanced optimization steps, like using a trust-region method, or a better initial guess.

Alternatively, the previous code could be adjusted to use a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a tournament selection and elitism, but again, this would be complex.

Given the time constraints and the user's desire to avoid re-creating the previous code's structure, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing strategy but with some changes. Let's consider the following:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, and perform a more refined optimization. Maybe the current code doesn't fully refine the solution enough.

2. Increase the number of refinement steps, or adjust the parameters of the SLSQP optimizer to allow more iterations.

3. Use a more efficient guess generation, like creating a set of waveforms with specific parameters that are more likely to lead to a lower C5.

4. Try different initial guesses that are more structured, like a function that's a combination of multiple pulses or a more complex waveform.

Additionally, perhaps using a hybrid approach: first, perform a global search with differential evolution, and then refine the best solution with local optimization.

Let me think about the existing code's DE implementation. It uses popsize=150 and maxiter=80. Perhaps increasing popsize or maxiter could help find better solutions, but this may take more time. Alternatively, reduce the maxiter but with more efficient parameters.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the starting guess for the DE optimizer and focus on refining that point.

Another idea: the code currently uses the SLSQP method with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerances could help find a better minimum.

Also, the code uses the 'ftol' option in SLSQP, which is the tolerance for termination. Decreasing this value could lead to a better solution, but at the cost of more computation time.

Putting this together, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point and perform a more extensive refinement.

- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, with adjusted parameters to find a better solution.

- Generate more thoughtful initial guesses, possibly based on waveforms with parameters that could improve the overlap integral.

Additionally, considering the time budget, it's important to not spend too much time on each step. The code needs to be efficient.

Another improvement: since the integral is over [0,2], maybe the function h is better designed with certain periodicity. For example, if we can create a function h that repeats every 1 unit, then the overlap would be determined by the interaction between the left and right parts. This might give a way to structure the function.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal C5 is around 0.38, which is close to 1/2.6, perhaps the function needs to be designed with a certain theoretical lower bound in mind.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values, which is a starting guess. Maybe there's a way to improve that starting guess. For example, by applying a transformation to the initial guess to adjust it towards a better structure.

But without knowing the specific structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. So perhaps generating a better initial guess is not feasible.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to:

1. Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with more refined parameters.

2. Use a different set of initial guesses, perhaps focusing on structured waveforms with adjusted parameters.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps and optimize the parameters of the optimization methods to find a better solution.

Now, to implement this in code.

The existing code has several parts: generating initial guesses, using SLSQP and DE, and refining the best solution. To improve this, perhaps the following changes:

- Adjust the DE parameters: perhaps using a higher popsize and/or more iterations, but within the time constraint. For example, increase maxiter from 80 to 100 or 120, and increase popsize if possible.

- Refine the SLSQP steps with more iterations.

- Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms and parameters.

But the code already has a lot of guesses. Perhaps the code can be modified to generate more guesses based on different structures.

Alternatively, the code can use the initial guess and then perform a more extensive optimization around it.

Another idea: instead of trying so many different initial guesses, focus on a few that are likely to be good and optimize those more thoroughly.

Alternatively, use a multistart approach with the initial_h_values and a few other well-chosen guesses.

Let me also think about the evaluation of the overlap integral. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the full cross-correlation. For the integral, this gives all possible shifts, and the maximum of them is taken. However, for discrete samples, the actual maximum may be achieved at a particular shift that's not directly captured by the correlation, but given that the code uses the full correlation, it's correct.

Another optimization idea: precompute the list of possible shifts and focus on those that are most likely to cause high overlap. But this might not be straightforward.

Now, the code's initial part defines the initial_h_values, which is an array of 45 samples. The code then creates guesses based on different waveforms. Perhaps the current guesses are not sufficient to find a good solution. So, generating more diverse initial guesses might help.

For example, instead of generating pulses for frequencies 1-3, maybe generating them for a wider range. Also, varying the duty cycle more. Or using different waveform types.

Alternatively, integrating waveforms that are more complex, such as combinations of pulses or other shapes.

But how to generate these algorithmically without using long literals?

The existing code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle functions. To generate more guesses, we can add more parameters or combinations.

For instance, generate more frequencies or duty cycles, or generate different waveform types.

But the code already has a loop for frequencies in 1-3 and duty cycles for saw and triangle. Perhaps increasing these ranges could help.

Another idea: use a function that creates a combination of multiple waveforms, such as adding a sine wave with certain parameters.

Alternatively, using a phase-modulated waveform.

But again, without knowing the specific parameters that lead to better results, it's hard to say. However, given that the initial code's best C5 is 0.381142, which is close to the target, perhaps tweaking the optimization methods would be more effective.

So, the code can be modified to:

- Use a better initial guess, perhaps by enhancing the existing initial guesses.

- Increase the number of iterations in SLSQP and DE.

- Use more effective settings for the optimization methods, such as tighter tolerances or different solver options.

Also, considering that the code uses the full correlation, perhaps the maximum c5 value is being evaluated correctly.

Putting this into code, the plan is to:

- Keep the initial guess as initial_h_values.

- Generate more guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles in the existing waveform functions.

- Use DE with higher maxiter and/or popsize.

- Refine the solution more thoroughly with SLSQP.

In terms of code changes, here's how it might look:

- Increase the DE's maxiter from 80 to 100, and adjust other parameters like mutation and recombination rates.

- Increase the number of refinement steps in SLSQP.

- Generate more guesses, perhaps adding more frequencies or duty cycles.

- Check for early stopping more efficiently to save time.

Now, let's implement these changes into the code. The main code will need to be modified to adjust the parameters of DE and SLSQP, and generate more guesses.

Also, the code should be concise to avoid exceeding the token limit. So, the key is to make efficient changes without adding too much complexity.

Final thoughts: the code can be adjusted by increasing the DE's maxiter and using a better initial guess, combined with more refinement steps. This should lead to a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 4):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```