<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is the max_k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The function h is a step function over [0,2] with integral 1. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from a given initial_h_values. But maybe there's a better approach.

The challenge is to find a h that minimizes this maximum integral. The previous code tried various initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. But perhaps there are better methods. Maybe we can use more structured approaches, like considering specific patterns or leveraging symmetry.

One idea is to look for h that is periodic or has some regular structure. The current initial_h_values is for n=45, but maybe using a larger n could help. However, the problem says smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But if the initial construction is already 45 points, maybe we can work with that. Wait, the initial_h_values might be for n_points=45, but maybe the code can use a different n_points. However, the user wants to start from the current construction, which is available through initial_h_values.

Alternatively, maybe the previous approach is too heuristic and could be improved with more systematic optimization. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a better crossover and mutation strategy, or using Bayesian optimization to explore the search space more efficiently. But given the time constraints of 100 seconds, maybe a hybrid approach is better.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the convolution of h and 1-h, evaluated at different shifts. So the maximum is over the shifts k. To minimize the maximum, the function h should be such that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself. So perhaps h should be designed to have high variance in its values, avoiding overlaps.

The previous code tried several initial guesses, but maybe it's not efficient enough. Perhaps a better approach is to use gradient-based methods, but since the problem is non-convex, this might not be feasible. Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or other metaheuristic methods could be more effective in exploring the space.

But the code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not good enough. So perhaps generating better initial guesses based on analytical insights could help. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties, or optimizing the positions of pulses in h.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the shift k can be in [-2, 2], maybe there's symmetry to exploit. For example, the optimal h could be symmetric around 1 in some way. Or maybe it's a piecewise constant function with certain intervals where it's 0 or 1, or some other values.

But how to translate that into code? Maybe the previous code's approach of generating different waveforms is helpful. Let's see. For example, the pulses and sawtooth waves generate different patterns. However, the code's current approach may not be exploring the parameter space efficiently.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (45). Maybe increasing n_points could allow for more precise optimization. However, the user prefers smaller n_points for faster evaluation, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, if the initial construction is for n=45, maybe trying larger n_points could lead to better results, but that might take longer to compute. However, given the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of points and the number of iterations.

Another angle: the overlap integral for k=1 is particularly important. Maybe focusing optimization on minimizing the maximum over certain k values, like k=1, 0.5, etc. But the problem is to minimize the maximum over all possible k. However, since the integral is evaluated over a full range of shifts, perhaps focusing on the worst-case shifts.

Wait, the code computes the convolution with mode 'full', which for two arrays of length n gives a result of length 2n-1. So the shifts k in the integral would correspond to different positions in this convolution. But the max is taken over all those shifts.

An alternative approach: model the problem as an optimization over the parameters of h. For example, if h is a combination of different basis functions, like piecewise linear functions or Fourier components, maybe we can optimize those parameters. However, this might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a population-based approach. Each individual represents a h array, and we evolve them by crossover and mutation. This could explore a wider area of the search space than gradient-based methods. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging.

But given that the code uses differential evolution and SLSQP, perhaps combining those methods with better initializations could help. For example, using more diverse initial guesses or using a smarter way to generate initial guesses.

Looking at the previous code, the initial guesses are based on generating pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. Maybe we can add more patterns, like sine waves, or other structured functions. Also, the random initial guesses might not be the best, perhaps using a more informed random generation.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a signal h that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is akin to a "design for non-overlapping" problem. Maybe using a method inspired by signal processing, such as designing a window function with low autocorrelation.

However, the standard solutions for low autocorrelation are for specific applications, like Barker codes. But such codes are for binary functions. Maybe adapting such concepts to our problem.

Alternatively, the problem might be approached by considering that the overlap integral can be written as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to the covering problem where the function h and its shifted versions do not overlap too much.

One possible structure is to have h as a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is a binary function with a certain pattern that repeats. However, the integral over [0,2] must be 1, so the average value of h is 1/(2) = 0.5. So maybe a binary function where h(x) is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, with the total length being 1.

But binary functions may not be optimal, as allowing partial values might allow for better overlap management. But the problem allows h(x) to be any step function between 0 and 1. However, step functions with more segments could be more flexible.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, and the overlap integral is maximized over k. Let's think about the worst-case k. For example, when k is 0, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx = ∫ h(x) - h(x)^2 dx. Since the integral of h is 1, and ∫ h(x) dx = 1, then this integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx. The maximum of this is achieved when h is as balanced as possible. However, for other k values, the integral may be larger.

But since the problem is to find the minimum of the maximum over all k, maybe focusing on minimizing the overlaps for the most critical shifts, such as k=1, k=0.5, etc.

But how to model this in code? It's challenging. Let's consider the given initial H for n=45. The previous code's approach tried various optimizations on this initial guess, but maybe a better way is to start from this initial guess and perform more effective local search.

Alternatively, perhaps we can use a different optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach that samples the search space more efficiently. However, implementing Bayesian optimization may be complex and time-consuming.

Another thought: the problem involves integrals that are measured as a convolution. So, maybe the overlap integral for a particular k is the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k. Therefore, the maximum over all k is the maximum of the convolution. Hence, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of the convolution between h and (1 - h).

This is similar to designing a function h such that its convolution with itself (but negated) is minimized. However, the exact relation is different, but the idea of minimizing the maximum over shifts is similar to a problem in signal processing, like minimizing the autocorrelation.

In this context, maybe using a method similar to designing a signal with low autocorrelation. For example, using a window function that has minimal sidelobes. But since we have a constraint on the integral, it's more of a tailored optimization.

Given that the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP, perhaps enhancing their efficiency. For example, using a population-based approach with a large enough population to find better solutions, but also with a way to refine the best individuals. Also, ensuring that the optimization is done in a way that's not stuck in local optima.

Another idea: the code could try multiple starting points with different structures, such as different pulse-widths, or combining multiple patterns. For example, generating h as a combination of multiple pulses with varying positions and widths. However, generating such structures programmatically requires careful parameter tuning.

Alternatively, the code can use a more systematic way of parameterizing h. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into segments with certain values, and optimizing the positions and values of these segments. This approach might be feasible if the number of segments is small.

But for the code to be efficient, it's essential to keep the number of parameters manageable. For example, if we divide the interval into m segments, each with a value between 0 and 1, and then optimize the parameters. However, this might be difficult to implement within the time constraints.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It generates initial guesses with different waveforms and attempts to optimize them. However, it's possible that the initial guesses are not sufficient. Perhaps adding more varied initial guesses, like sine waves, step functions with specific patterns, or even more random-like structures, could lead to better results.

Another consideration is the computational time. The code should complete within 100 seconds. The current code runs SLSQP and differential evolution, with several iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution or increasing the population size could help, but this may consume more time.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization strategies. For example, using differential evolution for global search, followed by SLSQP for local refinement. This is what the previous code does, but perhaps the parameters can be adjusted for better performance.

Another idea: the maximum in the convolution could be achieved for specific values of k. For example, when k = 1. So, if we can find a h that minimizes the overlap for k=1, maybe that's sufficient to achieve a good C5 bound. However, the maximum could be achieved for other k values, so it's not guaranteed. But focusing on the most critical shifts may help.

But how to model this? The code already computes the maximum over all possible k, so it's necessary to ensure that the optimization considers the worst-case shift.

Another approach: since the overlap integral depends on the convolution, perhaps using a fast Fourier transform (FFT) to compute the convolution and find the maximum. However, the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient for small n_points. But for larger n_points, FFT-based convolution might be faster.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two arrays of length n gives a convolution of length 2n-1. This is correct. However, using FFT-based convolution might be more efficient, but for the purposes of the code, this is already handled by numpy's correlate function.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code computes the convolution and takes the maximum, which is the key part. However, for large n_points, this could be computationally intensive. But given the constraints of the problem, we need to focus on optimizing this efficiently.

Returning to the code structure: the previous code starts with initial_h_values and then tries various guesses, such as pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. It then uses SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize each guess. Finally, it refines the best result with more SLSQP iterations.

Maybe the current approach could be improved by generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more waveforms or creating more random patterns. However, the problem is that generating these could take more time, but the code has a budget of 100 seconds.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, use a structured approach to generate initial guesses. For example, creating a grid of pulses with varying widths and spacings, or using a combination of different pulse patterns. This could lead to more effective initial solutions.

But how to implement this? Let's think about generating pulses. For example, creating a function that places m pulses of certain widths across [0,2], ensuring that the integral is 1. However, the code's initial guesses are limited to waveforms with certain frequencies and duty cycles.

Wait, the previous code uses a gen_pulses function with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe we can add more structured patterns, like a combination of pulses with different amplitudes, or a specific pattern that's known to have low overlap.

Another possibility: the optimal h may have a structure similar to a binary sequence that minimizes maximum overlap. For example, the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be achieved by a certain binary sequence. However, the Erdős constant is typically for binary sequences, but here we can use non-binary h(x). Maybe a binary h(x) could be a good starting point.

But the current initial_h_values may not be binary. If it's non-binary, perhaps using a binary version of it as a starting point could help. However, the initial_h_values is given, and we can't modify it, but maybe using a binary version derived from it.

But the problem requires that the function h integrates to 1. So, for a binary h, the total length of intervals where h(x)=1 must be 1.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code uses a non-binary h, perhaps the optimal solution is non-binary, and thus the code's approach of allowing h(x) to take any value in [0,1] is appropriate.

Another angle: the problem could be approached as a mathematical optimization problem with constraints. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h lies in [0,1]. The objective is to minimize the maximum integral over all k. This is a non-convex problem, which makes it challenging to solve exactly.

In such cases, heuristic methods are often used. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, which are global and local search methods, respectively. However, there might be better heuristics.

Perhaps the code can be optimized by adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For example, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or using more aggressive mutation parameters. But this might increase the runtime.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy like the Nelder-Mead method for certain parts of the search. However, the code currently uses SLSQP and DE, which are already relatively efficient.

Another idea: since the integral is taken over [0,2], and the function h is periodic, maybe the optimal h has a periodic structure. For example, h(x) could be a period-1 function, which would allow for simpler analysis.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code, making adjustments to the initial guesses and the optimization process. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses generated, using more diverse patterns, or tweaking the optimization parameters to allow more accurate convergence.

The previous code uses 5 random guesses, and several structured ones. Maybe increasing the number of structured guesses, such as adding more frequencies or duty cycles for the generated pulses and sawtooth waves. For example, adding more frequency values or varying duty cycles could lead to a more comprehensive exploration of the search space.

Additionally, the code uses 5 iterations of DE, which might be insufficient. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations could help find a better solution. However, this consumes more time, so there's a trade-off between exploration and the time budget.

Another consideration is the refinement phase. The code performs 20 iterations of SLSQP refinement on the best solution. Perhaps this can be increased, but the time might be limited. Alternatively, the refinement could be done more efficiently.

Another idea is to use a different optimization algorithm for the refinement phase. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global exploration and then SLSQP for local refinement. However, implementing this may be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a combination of different annealing schedules to avoid local optima. But again, this requires more complex code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to enhance the existing code by:

1. Increasing the variety of initial guesses, especially adding more structured functions.
2. Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution (like population size, mutation rate, etc.) to improve its effectiveness.
3. Increasing the number of iterations for DE and SLSP to allow more thorough exploration.
4. Using a more effective refinement strategy.

But how to implement this within the code structure?

Let me think about modifying the code. For example, the previous code generates guesses with different frequencies and duties. Let's see:

In the guesses section, the code adds:
- for freq in 1 to 3, pulses with duty 0.5
- for duty in 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, sawtooth and triangle waves with frequency 3
- 5 random guesses

Perhaps adding more structured initial guesses, such as different frequencies, or other waveforms like sine waves, could improve coverage. For example, adding a sine wave function with varying amplitudes.

But generating such functions requires creating new helper functions. However, the code allows for adding new functions if they can be implemented concisely.

Another idea is to generate h as a combination of multiple pulses with varying widths and positions. However, generating such a function would require more sophisticated code, but perhaps it's manageable.

Another possible improvement is to use a better initial guess. For example, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and applying some perturbations to it, which might lead to a better solution.

But the code already starts with the initial_h_values and tries optimizing it. So perhaps the main issue is that the initial guesses are not sufficient, and expanding them could help.

Alternatively, the previous code's initial guesses may have too many similar structures. For example, many of the generated guesses are based on frequency 3. Maybe varying the frequency more could help explore different regions of the search space.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code computes the maximum over all k, which is correct. However, the correlation can be expensive to compute. Perhaps using more efficient methods, like precomputing certain values or using vectorized operations, but the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, the following steps are considered:

1. Enhance the initial guesses by adding more diverse waveforms and parameters.
2. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution to increase exploration.
3. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and refinement phases.
4. Use a more effective refinement strategy, such as combining different optimization methods.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

Let me think about adding more initial guesses. For example, adding more pulse frequencies, varying the duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves, and perhaps adding sine wave functions.

Also, the previous code has a gen_random function that generates random h_vals. Maybe generating more random samples could help, but the current code already does that.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess for the differential evolution. The current code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, but maybe other initial guesses could be better.

An alternative idea: use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, and then generate other guesses based on it, such as perturbed versions. But this could be complex.

Given time constraints and code length, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial guesses to include more possibilities and adjust the number of DE iterations and refinement steps.

Let me try to outline the changes in code:

- Add more frequencies for pulses and other waveforms.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Adjust parameters of DE such as population size and mutation rates.

For example, in the code's guesses section, after the existing guesses, we might add more structured functions. Also, the DE part could be adjusted to have more iterations.

Additionally, the previous code uses a 'refine' function that applies SLSQP for a fixed number of steps. Increasing the number of refinement steps could help further reduce the objective value.

Another possible tweak: use a larger population size in differential evolution to better explore the search space.

So, the modified code would include:

- More initial guesses with different parameters.
- More DE iterations.
- More refinement steps.
- Possibly different parameters for DE.

But how to implement this in code concisely?

For example, in the guesses section:

for freq in range(1, 5):  # instead of 1 to 3
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(2, duty))  # changing frequency
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(2, duty))

Similarly for other frequencies.

But this requires modifying the code's loops to include more parameters.

Another idea: add a sine wave function similary to gen_pulses, gen_saw, etc.

But to keep code concise, adding such a function might not be feasible.

Given the code's length constraint, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing guesses to be more diverse.

Another thing: the previous code uses 5 DE iterations. Perhaps increasing that to 10?

And the refinement steps to 50, instead of 20?

Additionally, ensuring that the code doesn't run out of time by adjusting the number of iterations based on elapsed time.

But how to implement that in code?

Also, the code has a 'de_guess()' function that runs differential evolution for a fixed number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in that function.

Another thing: the initial code's 'gen_random' creates a random h_vals, but the current code adds five of them. Maybe increasing that number to 10?

But all these changes need to be made within the code's structure, and keeping it under 300 lines.

Moreover, the code needs to be compact, with no long literals.

Putting this together, the modified code would include:

1. Enhancing initial guesses with more frequencies and duty cycles.
2. Increasing DE iterations.
3. Increasing refinement steps.
4. Adjusting DE parameters like population size and mutation rates.

But to implement this, the code needs to be modified.

Now, considering all that, the final code would need to:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including different frequencies and duty cycles for pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and larger population sizes.
- Refine the best solution with more SLSQP steps.
- Ensure that the code respects the time budget.

Given the time constraints and the need for conciseness, the final code would have these enhancements.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 5):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(2, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(2, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(6):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(40):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```