<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current record is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. The problem requires finding a step function h(x) that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The challenge is to find a function that has low overlap when shifted.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then uses various pulse, sawtooth, and triangular wave functions. But maybe there's a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. Perhaps using a combination of different patterns or optimizing the initial guess more effectively.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are better because they're faster. The initial code uses n=45, which is manageable, but perhaps using a larger n could be better? But the user said smaller is preferred. Hmm, maybe the initial guess is already of size 45. But I need to check the original code. Oh, the initial_h_values is a global variable, and the previous code uses that. So I can start from that.

But to get a better bound, maybe I need to explore different structures. Let's think: the overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that when shifted by any k, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is as small as possible.

How can I structure h to achieve this? Maybe using a periodic function with certain symmetries? For example, functions that are uniform in some way, but with varying densities. Alternatively, using multiple segments with different heights.

Another idea: since the integral over [0,2] of h(x) is 1, the average value is 1/2. So h is a function that covers half the interval. But to minimize the maximum overlap, h should avoid overlapping with itself when shifted. So perhaps h is a union of intervals that are spaced out in such a way that when you shift, they don't overlap much.

But how to model this numerically? The previous approach uses optimization with constraints, but perhaps a better optimization strategy could be used. For example, using a more global search method initially to find better starting points, then refining with local optimization.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm could help. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm or other metaheuristic could be useful for exploring the search space more effectively.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, I need to make sure that the code runs efficiently. Let me think about the steps:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as a good starting point.
2. Generate some initial guesses based on different patterns (like pulses, triangles, etc.) to avoid local minima.
3. Use optimization techniques to refine the guesses.
4. Maybe combine multiple strategies, like alternating between different optimization methods.
5. Ensure that the code stays within the time limit.

Wait, the previous code already tried a few different initial guesses. Maybe instead of generating too many, focus on more effective ones. Also, maybe the function can be constructed with more structured patterns. For example, using a combination of overlapping regions that are carefully placed.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs at certain k values. The previous code uses the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation of h and (1-h) gives the overlap when shifted. So, for each k, the value is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The maximum of this over all k is C₅.

To minimize this maximum, perhaps it's beneficial to make h(x) such that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is as small as possible. This could involve balancing the regions where h is 1 or 0, and ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Maybe using a function with multiple segments where the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but arranged such that the shifts don't overlap these intervals much. For example, using a staggered pattern of intervals.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem? Let's consider that the function h is a step function with certain levels. However, the current problem allows h to be any step function represented as samples. So, the variables are the h values at each sample point.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, and we're dealing with overlapping shifts, perhaps using a function that has a certain periodic structure. For example, splitting the interval [0, 2] into parts where h is 1 and 0, arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this? Maybe considering that the optimal function is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if h is a periodic function with period 2, but that's not necessarily true since the interval is [0, 2].

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has equal areas in different regions. For example, h could be 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, arranged so that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing approach. The previous code used a few initial guesses and then optimized. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or trying different optimization setups could help.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses differential evolution for some guesses, which can be slow. Maybe reducing the number of iterations in differential evolution but allowing more refinement steps.

Also, the current code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which can handle bounds.

Alternatively, perhaps using a hybrid approach where initial global search is done with differential evolution, then local optimization with SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code already uses a combination of SLSQP and DE. Maybe tweaking the parameters of these methods could lead to better results. For example, increasing the population size in DE or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Another idea: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation values. Since the cross-correlation is a max, it's a non-convex optimization problem. Therefore, local minima are a problem. So, using multiple starting points and running optimizations from different initial guesses is crucial.

The current code generates a list of guesses, including pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random. But perhaps generating more diverse guesses could help. For example, using functions with different frequencies or duty cycles, or even combining different types of functions.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess could be modified. For example, the initial_h_values might have a structure that's suboptimal, so generating a more optimal initial guess could lead to better results.

But since the user allows starting from the initial_h_values, perhaps the code can improve upon that. However, the code may not have enough time to explore all possibilities.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates a few other guesses. Then it runs optimization for each, keeping the best result. Then runs DE for some iterations and then refinement steps.

Maybe the code could be optimized by using more efficient initial guesses. For example, generating functions that have better properties, such as being more uniformly distributed, or having symmetries that help reduce overlap.

Another approach: since the problem involves shifts over the interval [0, 2], the function h(x) could be designed to be periodic in a way that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlaps are minimized. For example, using a function that is symmetric around certain points.

But how to implement that numerically? It might be complex, but perhaps using Fourier methods could be useful. However, the time constraints may not allow for that.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap by iteratively modifying the h values. But this might be too slow.

Alternatively, think about the constraints. The function must satisfy sum(h) = n_points / 2. So each sample contributes to the total sum. The optimization is about balancing the values of h to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation.

Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, like simulated annealing, but that's more computationally intensive.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of steps. Maybe some of those steps can be optimized. For example, reducing the number of initial guesses, focusing on more promising ones.

But given that the code is allowed to run for 100 seconds, it's possible to spend more time on a few better guesses.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum convolution, which might have known techniques. However, I'm not sure of the exact approach.

Alternatively, trying different ways to model the function. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into several parts and setting h to 1 or 0 in those parts. The challenge is to choose these parts such that when shifted, the product is minimized.

But how to find the optimal positions and lengths of these intervals? That's a combinatorial problem, which is hard to solve numerically for large n.

But perhaps for a small n (like 45), a greedy approach could be used to place the intervals optimally. For example, starting with some basic intervals and then adjusting them to minimize overlap.

But integrating this into the code may be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach is the best possible given the time constraints. So, to improve upon the previous code, I need to make adjustments to the optimization steps.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is a certain pattern, and then they generate other guesses. Maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies or patterns.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different way to generate the initial guesses, such as using a combination of different waveforms, or even random with some structure.

Another thing to note: the code currently uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing that number could help, but that could be time-consuming. However, given that the time budget is 100 seconds, and the code needs to run within that, it's possible to optimize the number of iterations.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution for 5 iterations, and then some refinement. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations could lead to better results, but it's possible that the code is already spending enough time on that.

Alternatively, maybe using different optimization methods for different parts. For example, using differential evolution for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement.

Another idea: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' which requires the gradient. However, if the objective function is smooth, then it can be effective. But for the cross-correlation, the gradient might be complicated to compute. However, the code uses numerical differentiation, which scipy.optimize might handle.

But perhaps the code could use a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for different k values, but that's already what the code does.

Maybe the problem is that the current code uses a fixed set of initial guesses, and the code might be getting stuck in local minima. So, perhaps generating more initial guesses with different structures could help. For example, starting with functions that have higher symmetry, or functions that are more spread out.

Another approach: using a combination of different types of functions. For example, generating functions based on different pulse widths, modulation, or other transformations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a population that evolves over time. However, implementing a genetic algorithm in scipy might be challenging.

Alternatively, using the 'covariance matrix adaptation' (CMA-ES) algorithm, but I'm not sure if scipy has an implementation for that.

But given the time constraints, maybe sticking with the existing methods and tweaking parameters would be better.

In the previous code, the number of initial guesses is limited. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that might take more time. However, each guess is processed with an optimization step. So, maybe the code can generate more initial guesses, but with some automation.

Wait, the current code generates guesses for different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more duty cycles or different frequencies could generate more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: for the initial guesses, instead of generating a fixed set, generate a few different types, such as:

- A uniform distribution (like the initial guess)
- A pulse function with varying duty cycles
- A sawtooth function with varying duty cycles
- A triangle function with varying duty cycles
- Random functions

But maybe the previous code already does this. So perhaps the code could generate more variations.

Also, the code uses a 'refine' step multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better results, but again, time is a factor.

Another thing to consider is the precision of the optimization. The code uses a tolerance of 1e-10 for SLSQP. Maybe lowering the tolerance could help, but that might not be necessary.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive optimization method in the refinement steps.

Another angle: the cross-correlation function for h and (1-h) could be analyzed. The maximum value occurs at a certain shift. For the current construction, perhaps the maximum occurs at a specific shift, and modifying the function to reduce that overlap would be beneficial.

But how to identify which shift is the problem? For example, in the code, after making a guess, it evaluates the cross-correlation and finds the maximum. So, for the current best solution, the maximum is recorded. The challenge is to adjust the function to reduce that maximum.

But without knowing which shift is the culprit, the code has to optimize over all shifts.

Another thought: the function h is a step function. Maybe the optimal solution is a piecewise constant function with a certain structure, such as having equal lengths of 1 and 0 regions. But the exact arrangement is the key.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function has a certain symmetry. For example, if it's symmetric around x=1, then shifting by 1 would give a particular overlap.

But again, how to model this into the code?

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code by making some adjustments, such as:

- Generating more diverse initial guesses with different patterns.
- Using more efficient optimization parameters.
- Reducing the number of steps in some parts to save time.
- Using a different optimization method for some steps.

Let me think about modifying the code. For example, in the previous code, the guesses include:

- The initial_h_values
- Pulses with frequencies 1 to 3, duty 0.5
- Sawtooth waves with frequency 3 and duties 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5
- Triangle waves with frequency 3 and same duties
- Random functions

But maybe adding more variations, like using different frequencies or duty cycles. Also, maybe generating more random functions with some constraints.

Alternatively, generating functions based on different sampling patterns. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization method. Maybe adjusting these numbers based on the time remaining could help. For example, if the code has more time, allocate more iterations to the DE step.

But how to implement that? It requires tracking the elapsed time and adjusting the parameters accordingly.

Alternatively, using a fixed number of iterations but more efficient steps. For example, in the refinement step, using more optimization iterations.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses 'slsqp_guess' which runs SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like Nelder-Mead, which is derivative-free but can sometimes escape local minima.

But again, given the time constraints, maybe tweaking the existing code's parameters would be better.

Putting it all together, I think the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps, and make sure that the code spends enough time on refining the best solution.

Additionally, the previous code uses a 'refine' step for 20 iterations. Maybe increasing that to more steps could help, but again, time is a factor.

Another possible improvement: using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, using DE for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement. This is already part of the code.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe modifying it slightly could lead to better results. For example, perturbing the initial guess and using it as a base for optimization.

In summary, the key points to modify are:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow more iterations or better convergence.
3. Use more efficient refinement steps.
4. Ensure that the code is not getting stuck in local minima by exploring different starting points.

Now, how to implement this in code? Let's think about the steps in the previous code.

The previous code generates a list of guesses, which includes the initial guess, pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random functions. To increase diversity, perhaps generate more different frequencies or more duty cycles.

Also, in the code, the 'gen_random' function creates a random h and normalizes it. Maybe using a more structured random initialization could be beneficial.

Another idea: try using different initial guesses based on the initial_h_values but with some modifications. For example, flipping certain parts of the initial guess or applying some transformation.

But without knowing more about the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code is allowed to use it directly.

In the current code, the guesses may not be sufficient. For example, using different frequencies for the pulses or sawtooth functions, or even higher frequencies.

Another possible change is to reduce the number of iterations in some steps to save time and focus more on the most promising guesses. For example, reducing the number of random guesses or the number of DE iterations.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses, such as using waveforms with different parameters.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the 'differential_evolution' with a popsize of 150, but this may be too high and slow. Maybe reducing the popsize to 50 or 100 could save time.

But this is a trade-off between exploration and speed. If the code can reduce the popsize and still find a good solution, that would be better.

Putting this into code, I can adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations for certain steps or adjusting the population size.

But given the time budget, the code must run efficiently. So, trading off between the number of initial guesses and the time spent on optimizing them is crucial.

In conclusion, the revised code should:

- Use a more diverse set of initial guesses.
- Adjust optimization parameters to allow better convergence.
- Focus on refining the best solution found.
- Efficiently use the time budget by possibly reducing the number of iterations in some steps.

So, the code could be modified to generate more guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles more extensively. For example, adding more frequencies or duty cycles for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions.

Also, the code could generate more random initial guesses, or use different methods to generate them.

Another thing: the initial code uses 'gen_random' to generate random guesses, which may not be the best. Perhaps using a structured random approach, like placing the 1s in random positions but ensuring the sum is correct.

Overall, the main changes would be in the initial guess generation and the optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```