<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to create a Python function that finds a better solution. Let me think about how to approach this.

The problem is to find a step function h: [0,2] → [0,1] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0,2] of h is 1.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization methods. It starts with an initial guess and tries various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions, then refines them. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

First, let me think about the structure of the problem. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). Since the function is defined on [0,2], when x + k exceeds 2, the function is technically zero beyond that. So for each shift k, we need to compute this integral.

But trying to minimize the maximum value of these integrals seems like a challenging optimization problem. The previous approach used a variety of initial guesses, then optimized them. However, maybe there's a better way to explore the solution space.

One possible idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution might be useful for global optimization, but perhaps combining it with other methods could help. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient local optimization method could lead to better results.

Another approach is to consider the structure of the optimal function. The Erdős problem is related to the concept of "non-overlapping" functions. Intuitively, the function should be arranged so that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. This might suggest that the function should be periodic or have some symmetry.

Wait, the domain is [0,2], so maybe considering a function that's constructed from a smaller interval. For example, if the function is made up of a repeating pattern over [0,1], then shifting by 1 would correspond to the same pattern. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function is made up of a combination of intervals where the function is 1 or 0 in a way that minimizes overlap. However, since the function must integrate to 1 over [0,2], which is a length of 2, the average value is 0.5. So perhaps the function is a combination of regions with 0 and 1, arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap between regions is minimized.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? The previous code used a step function with n_points samples. The key is to find a good initial guess and then apply optimization.

The initial_h_values is given, which might be a starting point. Maybe I can use that as a base. But the previous code's best result is 0.381142, which is slightly worse than the current record. So I need to find a way to improve on that.

Let me think about the optimization strategy. The previous code tried a mixture of random guesses, pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and then used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe there's a way to improve the search by using a different set of initial guesses, or by modifying the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a different approach, such as a genetic algorithm, which is more suitable for global search. However, the code might be too slow for the given budget. But since the time budget is only 100 seconds, perhaps a more efficient approach is better.

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is maximized over all k, maybe focusing on specific shifts that are likely to be the worst could help. For example, if I can find a function that has low overlap for shifts that are critical, like k=1, k=0.5, etc. However, since the function is over [0,2], shifts can be from -2 to 2, but when considering the full correlation, the maximum will be over all possible shifts.

Wait, the correlation is computed as the full correlation of h and 1-h. So for each possible shift, the integral is calculated. The maximum over all shifts is the value to minimize.

So, the problem is to minimize the maximum of those integrals. This is a type of minimax optimization problem.

Perhaps using a different numerical optimization method, like a gradient-based approach with adaptive step sizes, could lead to better results. However, the function might be non-convex, making gradient-based methods prone to local minima.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points), but maybe varying n_points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial_h_values has n_points=45, which is less than 1k. So maybe using that as the base.

Wait, the user says that the current program achieved C₅ bound of 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So we need to beat that by a small amount.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea: use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization. The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then local SLSQP refinement.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient initial guess. For example, instead of starting with random guesses and pulses, perhaps using a better structured initial guess.

Another approach is to consider that the optimal function could be symmetric. For example, if the function is symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], then shifting by 1 would be a symmetry. Maybe designing the function to be symmetric could help reduce overlap.

Alternatively, splitting the domain into intervals where the function is 1 or 0. For example, if the function is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, ensuring that the overlap between these intervals is minimized when shifted.

But how to model that? For instance, if the function has n segments, each of which is 0 or 1, then the problem becomes finding the best partition of the interval [0,2] into n segments with total area 1, such that the maximum overlap when shifted is minimized.

This is a combinatorial problem, which might be difficult for large n. However, for a certain number of segments, maybe there's a way to generate good candidates.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured approach, like creating a function with certain periodic properties. For example, if the function is periodic with a period T, then shifts by multiples of T would have overlaps that are easier to manage.

But this is getting a bit abstract. Let's think in terms of code. The previous code uses a few heuristics to generate initial guesses. Maybe we can improve that.

Another idea: instead of using random initial guesses, maybe use a method that generates functions with specific properties. For example, the function could be designed to have intervals where it is 1, spaced out in such a way that shifting doesn't cause too much overlap.

Alternatively, using a pattern that's periodic but with varying widths. For example, a pulse that's repeated every certain distance, adjusted so that the total integral is 1.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe using a sinusoidal function or a sawtooth wave with certain parameters.

Another approach is to use a Bayesian optimization strategy, which can search the solution space more efficiently by learning which parameters are more promising. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the function. Each individual in the population is a possible h function, and the fitness is the C₅ value. The algorithm selects the best individuals, applies crossover and mutation, and iterates. However, with the time budget, this might be feasible. However, genetic algorithms can be slow and may not converge quickly.

But given that the time budget is only 100 seconds, a genetic algorithm might not be the best approach. Let me think about other ideas.

Maybe modifying the existing approach by adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the optimization method, or using different initial guesses. For instance, using a better initial guess for the function that's already known to be close to the optimal.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points. What if varying the number of points (n_points) could yield better results? However, the user prefers smaller sequences (under 1k), so maybe using n_points=45 or similar is acceptable.

Looking at the initial_h_values, maybe it's a good starting point. But how to improve on that? Let's think about the code again.

In the previous code, the initial guess is initial_h_values, and then various other guesses are generated. Then, they are optimized with SLSQP and differential evolution.

But perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that's constructed from combining different waveforms, or using a more structured approach.

Alternatively, maybe the function could be made up of multiple "blocks" that are 1 and 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, for example, if the function is 1 over certain intervals and 0 elsewhere. The integral is 1, so the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1 (since the integration over [0,2] is 1, and dx is 2/n_points, sum(h) is n_points/2). So the sum of the widths of the 1-regions is 1.

If the 1-regions are arranged to be as non-overlapping as possible when shifted, that would minimize the overlap. However, given that the function is over a fixed interval, shifting will cause overlaps.

But how to arrange the 1-regions? For example, if there are two 1-regions each of length 0.5, placed at the start and end of the interval, then shifting by 1 would result in some overlap. But if there are more regions, maybe the overlap can be minimized.

But modeling this as an optimization problem where each interval is a variable might be complex. However, since the function is a step function with n_points samples, we can model the problem as choosing which samples are 1 or 0, subject to the total sum being n_points/2.

But this is a combinatorial problem. For n_points=45, that's 45 bits, which is 2^45 possibilities, which is impossible to brute force. However, with optimization techniques, maybe we can find a good solution.

But how to proceed? Let's think again about the code structure. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the current approach isn't exploring the search space sufficiently, and we need a better initial guess or optimization strategy.

Another idea: the correlation calculation. The current code computes the full correlation, which gives the integral for all shifts. However, the maximum is over all k. Maybe focusing on specific shifts (like k=1, 0.5, etc.) could help, but that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, since the integral for a shift k is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. Which is equivalent to the intersection of the regions where h is 1 and h is 0 shifted by k. So, for a shift k, the overlap is the measure of x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0.

To minimize the maximum of these overlaps for all k. So, the problem is to arrange the regions of 1 and 0 in a way that the maximum overlap with any shifted version is minimized.

This sounds similar to a covering problem. Perhaps there's a way to model this using geometric or combinatorial methods.

But given that the problem is about numerical optimization, I need to think about how to implement this effectively.

Another thought: use the fact that the function h is over [0,2], and the overlap integral for k is the integral over x of h(x) (1 - h(x+k)). But since the function is periodic or has certain symmetries, maybe we can exploit that.

Alternatively, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of known shapes. For example, the previous code used pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe trying more complex patterns or varying the parameters of these functions.

But how to generate these functions algorithmically and optimize them?

Let me think about the current code again. It generates several guesses, like pulses with different frequencies and duties, sawtooth and triangle waves with varying parameters, and random guesses. Then, it optimizes each guess with SLSQP and DE. Then it refines the best ones.

Perhaps there's a way to improve the initial guesses. For example, instead of using a few fixed patterns, maybe generate a variety of guesses by varying parameters in a more systematic way.

Alternatively, maybe the current approach could be improved by using a better optimization strategy. For example, using a more efficient local optimizer like BFGS, but the previous code uses SLSQP which handles constraints well.

Wait, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed (sum(h) = n_points / 2). This is a single equality constraint. So during optimization, we need to ensure that this is satisfied.

In the previous code, the constraints are handled via the SLSQP and DE methods. DE might be more suitable for the global search, and then SLSQP for local refinement.

But maybe there's a way to make the optimization more efficient. For example, reducing the number of parameters or using a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts, perhaps focusing on the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum value. For example, shifts that are whole numbers or fractions of the interval length (like 1/2, 1/3, etc.). By prioritizing optimization for these shifts, the maximum might be lowered.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization. Maybe by modifying the objective function to penalize higher overlaps for these shifts more heavily, but that's a bit vague.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, instead of evaluating the full correlation, we could evaluate the maximum over a subset of shifts that are critical. But this might not be effective.

Let me think about the current code's limitations. The initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but perhaps the code's current optimization methods are not sufficient to reach the desired bound. Maybe trying different optimization strategies could help. For example, combining multiple methods or adjusting the number of iterations.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integrals, which is a non-convex problem, it's possible that the current approach is stuck in a local minimum. To avoid this, using a more global search method or a combination of global and local methods might help.

The previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations and then local optimization. However, increasing the number of iterations or using different parameter settings for DE might improve the results.

Additionally, maybe using a different initial guess that is closer to the optimal solution. For example, the initial_h_values might be a known construction. If I can improve upon that by applying more refined optimization steps, that could help.

Looking back, the initial_h_values has 45 points. The code uses that as one of the initial guesses. Perhaps refining it further with more intense optimization steps could yield better results.

Another idea: use the fact that the optimal function might have a certain structure, such as alternating 1s and 0s with some pattern. For example, if the function is designed to have equal spacing between 1s and 0s, which could reduce overlap.

But again, how to model that. Maybe using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the intervals positioned to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using an algorithm to construct such intervals. For example, placing the intervals such that they are spaced by a certain distance, ensuring that when shifted, they don't overlap.

But this is more of a heuristic and might not be easy to implement.

Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the existing code. Perhaps adjusting the parameters for the optimization methods, increasing the number of iterations, or using different initial guesses.

For instance, the previous code uses a limited number of initial guesses. Perhaps expanding that set with more variations could lead to better results. For example, adding more different waveforms or random guesses.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess derived from the existing initial_h_values. For example, applying a small perturbation to it and optimizing.

Another thought: since the code runs for 100 seconds, and the initial approach uses DE for 5 iterations and then SLSQP for refinement. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or using a different population size could lead to better results.

Also, maybe the code can be optimized by precomputing some values or using more efficient data structures.

In terms of code structure, the previous approach uses a list of guesses generated from different functions. Generating more of these guesses might help. For example, adding more variants of pulse, saw, triangle, or other waveforms.

But how to do this without making the code too long. Since the code must be concise, I need to find a way to generate these guesses efficiently.

Alternatively, using a different pattern generation method. For example, generating functions based on different pulse widths or frequencies.

Another idea: using a multi-start approach with different initial points generated with different seeding. Since the user provided a seed, maybe varying the seed could lead to better results, but this is already handled by the code with the initial seed.

Another possible improvement: in the current code, after generating several guesses, they are optimized with SLSQP and then further refined. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for the SLSQP optimizer might lead to better convergence.

Also, checking the constraints during optimization is important. The previous code ensures that the sum is fixed, which is crucial for the objective function.

Another point: in the current code, the correlation is computed using np.correlate, which might be computationally expensive for a large number of points. However, with 45 points, it's manageable.

But perhaps there's a way to optimize the evaluation of the overlap integral. For example, precomputing certain values or vectorizing the calculation.

Alternatively, using a lower n_points might allow for faster computations, but the user prefers smaller sequences. Since the initial_h_values has 45 points, it's acceptable.

Overall, the main idea is to refine the existing code's approach. Perhaps the following changes could be made:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses generated. For example, using more variations of pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with different parameters.

2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP optimizers, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the tolerance.

3. Use a better initial guess that is closer to the optimal solution, perhaps based on the initial_h_values.

4. Experiment with different optimization strategies, such as using a combination of genetic algorithms, differential evolution, and local optimization.

However, due to the code length and time constraints, the code must remain concise. So, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the current code to generate more varied initial guesses, increase the number of iterations, and improve the optimization steps.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, use a smarter way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that creates a periodic pattern with certain symmetry.

For example, a function that has 1s at regular intervals, adjusted to have the correct total area.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to implement this.

Alternatively, combining the initial_h_values with other patterns. For example, taking the initial guess and modifying it to create a better structure.

But again, without specific knowledge, it's challenging.

Given that I need to code this, perhaps the best approach is to build upon the existing code but make some refinements. For example:

- Increase the number of initial guesses generated by varying parameters more.

- Use more iterations in differential evolution.

- Improve the refinement step by using more SLSQP iterations.

Additionally, using a different initial guess method, such as expanding the initial guesses to include more types.

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. Perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and refining it further with more optimization steps would be effective.

So, modifying the code to:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.

2. Generate more initial guesses based on different waveforms with varying parameters.

3. Use a higher number of iterations for both differential evolution and local optimization.

4. Increase the number of refinement steps.

Also, perhaps adjusting the objective function's evaluation to be more efficient.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the full correlation, which includes shifts from -n_points+1 to n_points-1. However, for the integral over [0,2], some shifts might be irrelevant or have zero overlap. But since the code uses the full correlation, it's correct.

In terms of code structure, the previous code includes several helper functions to generate different waveforms. For example, gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle. Perhaps expanding these with more parameters could generate better initial guesses.

But to keep the code concise, maybe generating a few more guesses with different parameters.

For example, adding more frequency values or duty cycles.

Alternatively, using a random approach to generate more guesses.

But in the previous code, there are already 5 random guesses generated.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code to:

- Increase the number of initial guesses.

- Increase the number of iterations for differential evolution and refinement.

- Adjust the optimization parameters (e.g., ftol, maxiter).

- Try different waveforms.

Now, putting this into code.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

2. Generate additional guesses by using different waveforms with various parameters.

3. Run differential evolution with a higher population size and more iterations.

4. Refine the best found solution with SLSQP for more iterations.

5. Use a better initial seeding for the random guesses.

6. Perhaps add more random guesses.

But how to implement this concisely.

Another idea: in the previous code, the guesses are generated with 5 random guesses. The code could generate more of them by increasing the number of random guesses.

Also, increasing the number of iterations for DE and SLSQP.

Another possible change: use a lower tolerance for the optimization steps to ensure better convergence.

Now, considering the code's structure, the previous code uses an initial_h_values, generates guesses with various functions, then runs DE for 5 iterations and SLSQP for refinement.

To improve this, I could:

- Increase the number of generated guesses.

- Use a larger population size for DE.

- Increase the number of DE iterations.

- Increase the number of SLSQP refinement steps.

- Adjust parameters like ftol.

Another possible optimization: in the refine step, do more iterations.

But all these changes would require modifying the code parameters.

In terms of code, let me think about how to implement these changes.

The code already has a loop that runs DE for 5 times. Perhaps increasing that to 10 or 20.

Also, the number of refinement steps is 20. Maybe increasing that.

Additionally, the initial guess is derived from initial_h_values, which is a good starting point.

Now, putting this all together, the code would look something like:

- Use initial guess as initial_h_values.

- Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms and random variations.

- Run DE with higher iterations and parameters.

- Refine with a higher number of SLSQP steps.

But I need to code this in a way that is concise and within the token limits.

Perhaps this approach would yield a better solution.

Another thing: the current code's DE has a mutation parameter from (0.5, 0.9), and recombination 0.8. Maybe adjusting these parameters could help.

But without testing, it's hard to know.

In terms of code, I can modify the DE parameters and increase the number of iterations.

But given the time constraints, let me try to code this.

The final code will be similar to the previous one, but with adjusted parameters and more iterations.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Generate more guesses by varying parameters of the waveform functions and adding more random guesses.

- Increase the number of DE iterations.

- Refine the solution with more SLSQP steps.

Also, using better parameters for the optimizers.

Now, coding this, keeping the code concise.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=200, maxiter=120,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(40):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```