<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand what's going on. The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The previous code tried various initial guesses and optimization methods, but perhaps I can find a more effective strategy.

Hmm. Maybe using a different optimization approach? The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying a different method, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization? But with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe differential evolution is still viable but needs some tweaks.

Wait, the initial code uses a lot of different pulse and sawtooth wave forms as guesses, which might not be optimal. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points, maybe using a higher number of points could lead to better results? But the user mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster. So I need to balance between points and computation time.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code used SLSQP with a lot of iterations, but maybe using a more global search method first, then refining with local optimization. Also, the constraints are the integral equals 1, which is a linear constraint. Maybe using constraints more effectively in the optimization.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the convolution of h and (1-h). So the problem is to minimize the maximum of this convolution. The previous code computes the correlation as np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution over all possible shifts. But maybe there's a more efficient way to compute or approximate this maximum.

Also, the initial guess is provided, but maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. The previous code tried a variety of generated functions. Maybe using more structured patterns, like piecewise constant functions with specific shapes, or using symmetry?

Wait, the Erdos problem relates to covering intervals with minimal overlap. So maybe the optimal function h should be designed to have a certain structure that avoids overlapping too much when shifted. For example, perhaps h should have multiple peaks spaced out in a way that shifting them doesn't cause too much overlap.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the function h is like a density function. The problem is similar to arranging intervals such that when you shift them, the overlap is minimized. Maybe using a periodic function or a function with multiple peaks.

But how to model that in an optimization problem? The previous code uses step functions, which are piecewise constant. Maybe using a different kind of function, like a combination of pulses or using a more mathematical approach?

Wait, the constraints are that h is a step function. So all the h[i] are in [0,1], and their sum is n_points/2. The previous code uses numpy's correlate function to compute the overlap. Maybe I can precompute the shifts that are most critical and focus on those?

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better objective function. However, the objective function is non-smooth (due to the max over correlation), which makes gradient-based methods tricky. Maybe using a smoothed version or a different approach.

Another angle: the previous code uses 45 points, which is the initial_h_values. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but with the time constraints, that might not be feasible. However, the user prefers smaller n_points, so perhaps keeping it around 45-100 points.

Let me think about the previous approach. It starts with the initial_h_values and then generates various guesses. Then runs SLSQP and differential evolution. The current best is 0.381142, which is a bit higher than the target. To get better results, perhaps the optimization needs to be more focused.

Maybe using a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. Differential evolution can be slow, but with the budget, maybe adjusting parameters like popsize, maxiter, and mutation rates could help. Also, combining multiple optimization strategies.

Another thought: the previous code uses a separate refinement step with SLSQP. Maybe integrating the refinement more tightly or using different stopping criteria could help. Also, the objective function is expensive to compute, so maybe caching or using a more efficient calculation.

Wait, the correlation is computed as np.correlate, which might be slow for large arrays. However, given the time constraints, perhaps for small n_points, it's manageable. Let me check: for n_points=45, the full mode of correlate would produce a result of size 45 + 45 - 1 = 89. The maximum of that array is taken, multiplied by dx. So that's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum and focusing on those. For example, the shifts k that are closest to certain intervals where overlap might be high. However, this might not be straightforward.

Another idea: since the problem is about asymmetric overlaps, maybe using symmetry in the function h. For example, making h symmetric around 1.0, which would help in distributing the area evenly.

But how to model that in the optimization? Maybe adding constraints to make h symmetric, but that might complicate the optimization. Alternatively, generating symmetric initial guesses.

Also, the previous code uses a variety of generated functions, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangles. Maybe generating more diverse initial functions could help. For example, using different combinations of frequencies or duty cycles.

Wait, the previous code's gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle could be modified. For instance, using different frequency combinations or varying the duty cycles more. Maybe generating functions that are more irregular or have more peaks.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. For example, if the optimal function is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, perhaps designed to minimize the overlap. But finding such a function would require solving an optimization problem with more structured variables.

Hmm. Another approach is to consider the problem as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of the integral over all shifts. Since the integral over shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0, adjusted for the overlap.

This seems like a problem that could be approached with some form of Lagrange multipliers, but with the complexity of the maximum over all k. It's challenging to directly model this, so heuristic optimization methods are more practical.

So, going back to the code structure. The previous code uses a combination of guessing methods, then optimizing with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the key is to generate better initial guesses and optimize more effectively.

Perhaps using more efficient initial guesses. For example, starting with a function that is a combination of a few pulses spaced apart, which could minimize the overlap when shifted.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, maybe using a structured approach. For example, creating a function that has multiple peaks separated by certain distances, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, how to determine the spacing?

Alternatively, using a grid search over possible parameters for the initial guesses. But with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Wait, the user's previous code uses a list of 45 samples. Maybe to generate more diverse initial guesses, I could use different patterns. For example, creating a function that is a union of intervals in [0,2], where each interval is a certain length. The optimization could then adjust the positions and lengths of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to encode that in a step function? Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments. But again, that's similar to the current approach.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best parameters for the initial guesses, but that might require more code.

Another idea: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangles, random). Maybe combining them more effectively. For example, taking the average of several good guesses, or using a mixture approach.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm that can handle the constraints better. For instance, using a proximal gradient method or other specialized algorithms for constrained optimization. But with the given libraries (scipy.optimize), maybe limited options.

Wait, the problem is convex? Probably not, because the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which is non-convex. Therefore, finding the global minimum is challenging, and local minima are possible. Hence, the need for multiple starting points.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help. For example, using a larger population size in differential evolution, or more iterations in SLSQP.

But with the time budget, there's a trade-off between the number of function evaluations and the time taken.

Another optimization: in the previous code, after generating a guess, it runs SLSQP on it. Maybe the SLSQP step could be optimized by using a better initial guess or adjusting the method parameters.

Also, the current code has some helper functions like gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle. Maybe generating more complex patterns by combining these functions.

Alternatively, using a different parametrization for the function h. For example, instead of using a step function with arbitrary values, maybe parametrize the function as a series of intervals with certain parameters. But that might complicate the code.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1, the function h is like a probability distribution. The overlap integral for shift k is E[h(x)(1 - h(x +k))], where x is distributed according to h. So minimizing the maximum of these expectations. This is similar to designing a distribution that has minimum maximum correlation with its shifted versions.

But I'm not sure how to use that insight here.

Perhaps the key is to find a function h that has low auto-correlation. But the problem is the maximum over all shifts. So, even a small shift could cause a high correlation.

Maybe looking for functions with certain properties, like being aperiodic or having Fourier coefficients with certain properties. However, that's more theoretical and might not directly translate into an algorithm.

Hmm. Let's think about the code again. The current code has a fixed n_points (based on initial_h_values). Maybe trying a different n_points? The user says that smaller sequences are preferred. The initial code uses 45 points. Maybe lowering n_points to, say, 30, could help, but the performance of the function (max overlap) could be worse. Alternatively, trying a few different n_points to see which yields better results.

But given the time constraints, maybe keeping it around 45 is better.

Another possible improvement: using the previous best solution as a starting point and performing further refinements. The previous code had a best_c5 of 0.381142. To get lower, the code could try to perturb the current best solution and optimize further.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using COBYLA or trust-constr methods in scipy.optimize, which might have better convergence for the problem.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method in scipy.optimize. For example, using 'trust-constr' which might handle the constraints better. But that depends on the problem's smoothness.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

Another idea: the previous code uses 5 random guesses. Perhaps increasing that number could help, but with the time budget, it might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts that are most critical and focusing on them. However, without knowing which shifts to focus on, it's hard to implement this.

In summary, possible improvements:

1. Generate more diverse and structured initial guesses.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method or parameter settings.
3. Combine multiple optimization strategies (e.g., differential evolution followed by SLSQP).
4. Refine the solution with more iterations or better convergence criteria.
5. Adjust the number of points (n_points) to find a balance between accuracy and computation time.
6. Explore different parametrizations of h that could lead to better performance.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to modify the previous code to implement these ideas. For example, generating more initial guesses, tweaking the optimization parameters, and possibly using different methods.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates various guesses. The current code's function calls several functions to generate guesses, then optimizes them with SLSQP and differential evolution.

To improve, maybe:

- Use more initial guesses, especially with different patterns.
- Use different optimization methods for different stages.
- Modify the refinement steps to be more aggressive.

Another thing: in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 5 iterations, but maybe increasing that number with a lower population size could be better. Also, using different mutation and recombination strategies.

Also, the 'refine' step runs SLSQP for 10 iterations, which could be increased if time allows.

Now, implementing these ideas in code. Let's think about how to structure the code.

First, the run function will take seed and budget_s. The code uses the initial_h_values if available.

The initial_h_values are given. So the code starts with that.

Then, generate more guesses. Maybe include more varied functions. For example, using different frequency combinations or more complex waveforms.

Alternatively, generate random functions but with a structure that ensures they are more likely to lead to good solutions. For example, using a random permutation of high and low values, ensuring the sum is correct.

But for the code, perhaps the previous approach is already generating a variety of functions. Maybe adding more functions like square waves, triangle waves with different frequencies, etc.

Alternatively, using patterns like a set of pulses spaced at certain intervals. For example, having several pulses that are spaced such that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

Another idea: instead of using functions that are periodic, create a function that is more like a density that avoids having overlapping peaks when shifted. For example, arranging peaks such that their spacing is such that shifting by a certain amount doesn't cause overlap.

But how to encode that in the code?

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach: suppose the optimal function is made of several intervals where h is 1, arranged in a way to minimize overlap. Then, the problem becomes finding the best set of intervals. But for a step function with a fixed number of points, this could be modeled as choosing which intervals to set to 1 and which to 0.

But this seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, which is difficult for large n_points. However, for a smaller number of points, say 45, perhaps using a heuristic to select positions.

But integrating this into the code might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, in the previous code, the objective function computes the correlation and takes the maximum. Maybe precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. For example, shifts where k is between 0 and 2 (since the domain is [0,2]), but the actual shifts would be within that range.

But how to choose the important k values?

Alternatively, note that the maximum occurs when the shift leads to maximum overlap. For the given function h, the maximum overlap is determined by the shift k where the overlap is largest. So, for each k in the domain, compute the integral.

But for the code, the current approach is correct.

In terms of code, the previous approach uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution for all shifts. Then, the maximum of that array is taken. That should be correct.

So, the code is already doing that.

Another possible optimization: since the convolution is expensive, maybe approximating it by sampling only certain shifts. However, without knowing which shifts are important, that's risky.

So, back to the code structure. The previous code uses a combination of methods. To improve, maybe:

- Increase the diversity of initial guesses. For example, generate more pulse patterns with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using differential evolution with optimized parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations or the population size in the differential evolution.
- Use more aggressive refinement steps with SLSQP.

Additionally, the code's current use of multiple guesses and refining them might be effective, but perhaps it can be optimized.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Start with initial_h_values.
2. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including:
   - Pulse functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.
   - Sawtooth and triangle functions with varying parameters.
   - Random functions with specific structures (e.g., ensuring a certain number of peaks).
3. For each guess, perform a local optimization (SLSQP) to refine it.
4. Use differential evolution to explore the search space, possibly with a larger population and more iterations.
5. Refine the best solution further with additional SLSQP steps.

Now, in the code, I'll need to modify the guesses generation. For example, adding more pulse functions with different frequencies, or varying the duty cycles.

Also, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, like mutation rates and recombination rates, to find a better solution.

Perhaps also including a more structured initial guess, such as a function with specific patterns that are known to perform well.

Another idea: since the optimal value is around 0.38, and the current code's best is 0.381, maybe the code can be modified to use a lower tolerance for the optimization steps to find a slightly better solution.

Additionally, the code's initial guesses may not be diverse enough, so adding more types of functions can help.

Another possible improvement: using a genetic algorithm. However, scipy's optimize does not have a genetic algorithm, but differential evolution is a type of evolutionary algorithm. So using differential evolution with better parameters may be helpful.

Putting it all together, the code can be adjusted to generate more initial guesses, use more effective optimization parameters, and refine the solution more thoroughly.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated by:

- Appending gen_pulses for frequencies 3 to 13.
- Appending gen_saw and gen_triangle with various duties.
- Adding random guesses.

To improve, maybe:

- Increase the frequencies or the number of generated functions.
- Add more structured patterns, such as functions with multiple pulses or more complex waveforms.
- Generate guesses that are more varied in shape.

Also, in the refinement steps, increasing the number of SLSQP iterations or using tighter tolerances.

Another possible change: using a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution with a specific pattern. But since the initial_h_values is provided, starting from there might be better.

In terms of code, I'll need to modify the guesses generation. For example, adding more pulse functions with different frequencies, or generating functions with more peaks.

But how to implement this concisely? Let's see. The previous code has loops for generating different guesses. For example, for frequencies in range(3, 14), generating pulses. Maybe expanding that range or adding more frequencies.

Alternatively, adding more functions such as square waves, or functions with specific shapes.

Another idea: using a pattern of spaced pulses. For example, distributing the pulses evenly across the [0,2] interval. This would minimize the overlap when shifted by small amounts. For example, if there are m pulses, each separated by a certain distance, then shifting by 2/m would not cause overlap. But this is just an idea, and how to implement this in code.

But for the code, generating such patterns might be complex. Alternatively, using a random distribution of pulses that are spaced apart.

In conclusion, the code needs to generate a diverse set of initial guesses, use efficient optimization methods, and refine the solution thoroughly. The key is to balance between exploration (using differential evolution) and exploitation (refining with SLSQP).

Now, implementing these changes in code. For example, increasing the number of generated guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, and refining more.

So, the final code will:

- Use initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate a variety of structured guesses (pulses, sawtooth, triangle, etc.).
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters for more effective exploration.
- Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Track the best solution found within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7]:
            guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```