<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA, starting from an initial guess. The goal is to get a lower C₅ value, ideally below 0.38085.

First, I should analyze the previous approach. It starts with an initial_h_values, then uses several guesses with different waveforms (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses. Then it applies optimization steps. The problem with this approach might be that it's getting stuck in local optima, or not exploring the search space effectively enough.

To improve, perhaps I should consider different starting points. The initial_h_values might not be optimal, so generating diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima. Also, the optimization method might be too slow or not effective. Maybe using more efficient algorithms, like gradient-based methods with better settings, or using a combination of global and local search strategies.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over shifts k. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation. For each shift, the integral is calculated. The maximum of these integrals is the C₅ value. To minimize C₅, we need to design h(x) such that for all k, the overlap is as small as possible.

Perhaps trying different partitions of the interval [0,2]. For example, using piecewise constant functions with varying lengths. Maybe using a more structured approach like dividing the interval into segments and assigning h(x) to be 1 or 0 in certain regions to minimize overlaps. However, since h must integrate to 1 over [0,2], the total area under h(x) is 1.

Wait, the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. So the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So if h is constant 0.5, then the overlap integral would be... For each k, integrating h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then 1 - h(x +k) is also 0.5. The product is 0.25, and integrating over [0,2] gives 0.5. So C₅ would be 0.5 in that case. But we need to find a function that makes this maximum value as low as possible.

The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, which is better than the uniform case. So the initial approach is working, but perhaps we can find a better function.

Another idea: the problem resembles the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap, which could be approached using a more structured optimization. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific positions and widths for the regions where h is 1 or 0. However, the function is allowed to be any step function, not necessarily just 0 and 1.

But since the function is a step function, maybe using a combination of intervals. Let me think about how to model this. If we can represent h as a step function with certain intervals, then perhaps the overlap integral can be computed more efficiently.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the maximum value of the integral over all shifts k is minimized. This might relate to certain extremal principles or optimization over functions with given integral constraints.

But since this is a numerical optimization problem, I need to think about how to model this in code. The previous approach used several optimization algorithms. Maybe using a combination of global and local methods can be more effective. For example, using genetic algorithms for global search and then refining with local methods like SLSQP.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses different guess functions, which could be part of the problem. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For instance, instead of fixed frequencies and duties, maybe varying them more or using different periodic functions.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The user prefers smaller n_points for faster computation. The initial code's n_points might be 45, but maybe reducing it to a lower number (e.g., 30) could help, but the problem is that the lower the n_points, the less precise the approximation of the continuous function may be. However, with the budget constraint of 100 seconds, maybe a smaller n_points would allow more iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code's differential evolution is not being utilized effectively. Maybe adjusting parameters like the population size, mutation rate, or recombination rate could lead to better results. Also, the initial guesses may not be sufficient.

Another approach is to use a different optimization strategy, such as using a Bayesian optimization approach with a Gaussian process surrogate model. However, since the code must be written in pure Python and use scipy, implementing that might be too complex.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) method, which is often effective for continuous optimization problems. But scipy doesn't have a built-in PSO, so I would need to implement it manually, which could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code's slsqp is too slow, and using another method like Nelder-Mead could be more efficient. Or, using a hybrid approach where differential evolution is used for global search, then SLSQP for local refinement.

Let me think about the previous code again. It starts with initial_h_values, then generates several guesses (pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and random). Then runs SLSQP on each guess, then uses differential evolution, and then COBYLA refinement.

Maybe the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses and explore more possibilities. Also, the constraints are that the sum of h must be n_points / 2. So the optimization problem is a constrained optimization problem with the integral constraint.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a step function h of length n_points, the correlation is computed as a full convolution. However, the integration is over the interval [0,2], so the correlation must be adjusted with dx. But this is already handled by multiplying by dx.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which returns the cross-correlation with the full mode. However, the length of the output is len(h) + len(1-h) -1, which is 2n_points -1. But the integral is over the overlapping regions. However, the actual overlap integral for each shift k is over the overlapping interval. The code uses the maximum of these values multiplied by dx. So maybe the calculation is correct.

But for large n_points, the correlation can be time-consuming. However, in the current code, the user prefers smaller n_points, which would make the correlation faster.

Another possible improvement is to consider the fact that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the overlap region is maximized. So perhaps designing h(x) to have certain symmetries or specific patterns that minimize these overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different amounts. So maybe using techniques from signal processing to minimize such maximum correlations.

Another thought: the problem resembles the design of a "non-repetitive" function, where the function's value overlaps with its shifted versions as little as possible.

In terms of code structure, the current approach uses a combination of optimization methods. Maybe the code could be improved by:

1. Increasing the diversity of initial guesses. For example, varying frequencies and duties more, or using other waveform types.

2. Using more efficient optimization methods. For instance, using a combination of differential evolution and local optimization, but with better parameters.

3. Reducing the n_points to a lower number, say 30 or 40, which allows for more iterations within the budget.

4. Adding more refining steps with different optimization methods.

Let me think about how to adjust the code.

First, the initial guess is initial_h_values. But maybe starting with other structures. For example, generating a step function with certain intervals. However, generating that algorithmically is necessary.

Alternatively, using a more structured approach: for example, splitting the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, but with some overlap. However, since the function must integrate to 1, the sum of the lengths of the ones would be 1.

But considering that h is a step function, maybe using a certain number of segments. However, since the code is to be written with a compact source, perhaps it's better to generate the initial guesses algorithmically.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a lot of random guesses. But maybe the best way is to use a combination of structured and random guesses. For example, generating a few structured ones (like pulse, sawtooth, triangle) and then some random ones.

But perhaps the main issue is that the code is not exploring the search space effectively. Maybe using a more sophisticated global optimization strategy, like a genetic algorithm, but that would require implementing it manually, which is time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the basin-hopping algorithm from scipy.optimize, which combines local optimization with random perturbations.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best way is to adjust the existing approach. Let me think of possible changes:

- Increase the number of initial guesses. The current code adds a few guesses but maybe adding more would help. For example, more random guesses or varying frequencies and duties.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, but with a smaller number of iterations.

- Use a better local optimization method. For example, using the BFGS method instead of SLSQP if it's applicable, but the constraints are equality constraints (the sum must be fixed), and the variables are bounded.

Wait, the constraints are only the sum of h must be equal to n_points / 2. So the problem is a constrained optimization problem with equality constraint and bounds on the variables. So the SLSQP method is appropriate.

Another idea: using the COBYLA method for the initial optimization steps, since it handles bounds and equality constraints well. But the previous code uses SLSQP for initial steps and COBYLA for refinement.

Alternatively, using a combination of different methods for different stages.

Another possible improvement: precompute all possible shifts and optimize the function such that all overlaps are minimized. However, this is a more complex approach and may not be feasible with the given time constraints.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all shifts k, perhaps focusing on optimizing for the most critical shifts. However, this is not straightforward.

Another thought: the problem can be seen as a minimax problem. We need to minimize the maximum overlap over all shifts. This is similar to a game where we try to minimize the worst-case overlap. In such cases, using a more robust optimization approach could be beneficial. But this may be difficult to implement.

In terms of code, perhaps the main issues are:

1. The initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local optima.

2. The optimization steps may be too slow, and not exploring enough possibilities.

3. The refinement steps may not be sufficient.

To address these, perhaps the code can be modified to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example:

- Instead of using fixed frequencies, generate a range of frequencies and duties.

- Use more waveform types, such as square, triangle, sawtooth, etc.

- Add more random variations.

Additionally, adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps, such as increasing the number of iterations or changing the convergence criteria.

Another idea: using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, where DE is used for global search, and then SLSQP for fine-tuning.

Let me think about implementing these changes in the code.

The previous code's guesses are generated by adding pulse, sawtooth, triangle with certain frequencies and duties, plus random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of these guesses would help.

Also, the differential evolution step in the previous code uses a population size of 50, maxiter 50, etc. Perhaps adjusting those parameters to allow for more iterations or a larger population.

Another thing: when refining, the code uses COBYLA for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or using a different method.

Another idea: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. Perhaps the objective function can be modified to be the maximum value, but maybe there are some numerical issues. But I think it's correct.

In terms of code structure, the main changes could be:

1. Adding more initial guesses with varying parameters.

2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.

3. Possibly reducing the n_points to a lower value, like 30, to allow more iterations within the budget.

But the user's previous code has n_points = 45. Reducing to, say, 30 would reduce the computational load, but the problem is whether the solution would be accurate enough.

Alternatively, using the same n_points but optimizing more efficiently.

Another possible optimization: precompute the correlation matrix or find a way to compute the overlap integral more efficiently. However, the code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Alternatively, for the current code, perhaps using a different initial guess that's different from the initial_h_values. For example, generating a random guess that's more diverse.

Another thing to consider is that the initial_h_values might not be the best choice. If there's a better starting point, that could lead to better results. But since the user says that the initial_h_values is available, we can use it directly. However, generating a different initial guess could help, but the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values if available.

But in the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, then other guesses are added. So maybe the code is missing some good initial guesses.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values but then perturbing it slightly to explore nearby regions.

But given time constraints, maybe the main changes would be to add more initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the optimization steps.

Let me try to think of how to code this in the given structure.

In the previous code, the guesses list is built by adding several types of waveforms. Maybe adding more of them:

For example, adding more pulse with different frequencies, adding more sawtooth and triangle with different frequencies and duties, and more random guesses.

But in the code, the frequencies are fixed to [3,4,5,...,10] for pulse, and duties for sawtooth and triangle. Maybe expanding this.

Another idea: using a different waveform type, like a square wave. However, the current code includes pulse which is similar.

Alternatively, generating a random initial guess that's different from the initial_h_values. But the code already does that.

Perhaps the main issue is that in the refinement steps, the code only applies COBYLA for a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a better optimization method for refinement. For example, using L-BFGS-B, but it requires the bounds and constraints.

But the code uses COBYLA for refinement.

Another possible change: instead of using differential evolution with a fixed number of iterations, perhaps using a smaller population size and more iterations. However, the differential evolution in the previous code uses 50 population and 50 iterations, which may be too slow for the given budget.

Given that the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps the code can be optimized to run more efficiently.

Another thing: the initial code uses SLSQP with maxiter=300. Maybe reducing that to a lower number if the results are not improving much.

Another idea: using a different initial guess for the differential evolution step. For example, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and other guesses, then runs differential evolution on the best guess. Perhaps using a different approach for the differential evolution's initial population.

But without knowing the exact details, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code has a target C₅ of 0.3811, which is slightly higher than the current record of 0.38085. To improve, maybe the code can try to find a better solution by trying different optimization strategies.

So, in summary, the changes I would make are:

1. Increase the diversity of initial guesses, by adding more waveform types and varying parameters.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps (like population size, mutation rates, etc.) for differential evolution.

3. Adjust the refinement steps to apply more iterations or different methods.

4. Possibly reduce n_points to a lower value, like 30, to allow more iterations within the budget.

But since the user's previous code uses n_points of 45, which is the initial_h_values, maybe reducing it would be better. However, I need to check if that's feasible.

But since the code is supposed to be compact, it's better to work with the given initial_h_values.

Now, translating these thoughts into code.

First, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses:

In the existing code, the guesses are generated with different frequencies and duties. For example, pulses with frequencies 3-10, sawtooth and triangle with duties 0.2-0.6, and 5 random guesses. Perhaps increasing the number of these.

For example, for the pulse, generate more frequencies, and for the sawtooth and triangle, generate more combinations.

But code-wise, this would require more code. However, the code must remain compact.

Another idea: using a random initial guess that's generated with more randomness. For example, increasing the number of random guesses.

In the existing code, there are 5 random guesses. Maybe increasing that to 10 or more.

Another thing: the code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess, then adds other guesses. Maybe adding more guesses based on the same waveform types with different parameters.

Additionally, adjusting the differential evolution parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations within the budget.

Alternatively, changing the mutation parameters. For example, setting mutation to (0.5, 0.95) as before.

But to keep the code concise, perhaps the main changes are in generating more guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another possible optimization is to use the existing code's approach but with more initial guesses and more refinement steps.

In the code, the initial guesses are built by:

guesses = [h]
for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_rand())

Maybe expanding the frequencies for pulse to include more, like 2, 11, etc. Also, varying the frequency for the sawtooth and triangle, not just 3. For example, using different frequencies for those.

Additionally, generating more random guesses.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses, like creating a random step function with certain properties.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the main change is to generate more initial guesses.

Another thing: the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=300. Maybe limiting that to 100 to save time, and using more iterations in other steps.

But this is speculative.

In terms of code, the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with maxiter=300. Let me think of how to adjust it.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA), but scipy doesn't have a built-in GA. However, the code can use the 'differential evolution' method for the initial steps.

Wait, in the previous code, after generating the guesses, the code runs SLSQP on each guess. Then uses differential evolution on the best guess. Perhaps using DE more extensively for the initial steps.

Alternatively, combining the SLSQP and DE steps.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to try modifying the number of initial guesses and the parameters of the differential evolution.

Thus, the revised code would have more initial guesses and possibly better parameters.

Another observation: in the previous code, the differential evolution is run for 50 iterations with a population size of 50. Given that the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps increasing the number of iterations or population size is possible, but only if the code can finish within the time.

But again, this is speculative.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The main changes would be:

- Increase the number of initial guesses (more frequencies for pulses, more duties for sawtooth/triangle, more random guesses).

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (e.g., increase population size or number of iterations).

- Maybe reduce n_points to 30, but since the initial_h_values might be for 45 samples, this would require changing the code to use a different initial setup.

However, the problem states that the initial_h_values is available as a runtime input. So the code should use it if available. Therefore, I cannot change the n_points to 30 as it's the same as the initial_h_values.

Thus, the code must work with the given initial_h_values.

Another possible adjustment is to use more refinement steps with different optimization methods.

But without knowing the exact impact, this is hard.

Finally, the code's final step uses COBYLA for refinement, which is a local method. Maybe adding another step using another method like L-BFGS-B could help, but again, this is code-wise.

Given all these considerations, the revised code would likely involve increasing the number of initial guesses and adjusting the parameters of the optimization steps to allow more exploration.

Now, writing the code with these changes.

The key steps are:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying frequencies and duties for different waveforms.

- Increase the number of random guesses.

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters.

- Possibly reduce the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps to save time.

But since the code must be compact, I need to find a way to generate more guesses without making the code too long.

For example, changing the frequencies for the pulse to include more values, and the duties to have more values.

Another idea is to generate a range of frequencies and duties. For example, for pulse:

for freq in range(2, 12):
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))

Similarly for the other waveforms.

In the existing code, the frequencies are [3,4,...,10], which is 8 values. Expanding this to 2-11 would give 10 values.

Similarly, for the duties, the existing code has 5 values (0.2-0.6). Maybe adding more, like 0.1 and 0.7.

But this would require modifying the code.

So, modifying the code:

for freq in range(2, 12):  # from 2 to 11 inclusive
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))

for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))

And increasing the number of random guesses.

Also, maybe using a different frequency for the sawtooth and triangle, not just 3. For example, varying the frequency.

But this would require more code.

Another idea: use a different frequency for the waveforms, such as varying between 2 and 10, but this is again more code.

But given the code's size constraints, I need to be efficient with the code.

Thus, the code could be modified as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses by expanding the list.

- Use a different frequency for the sawtooth and triangle, not just 3.

- Increase the number of random guesses.

Then, adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, like increasing the population size or the number of iterations.

Therefore, the final code would include these changes, leading to a more diverse set of initial guesses and potentially better optimization results.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_rand():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 200})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```