<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My task is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that the previous code uses a combination of different guess functions and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. The initial_h_values are given, so maybe I can start from there but find a way to improve upon it.

The problem requires minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k values. The integral over [0,2] of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. So for each shift k, this measures the overlap. The maximum over all k is what we need to minimize.

The previous code tried different pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions as initial guesses. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. Also, the optimization uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe combining these with more efficient strategies or different parameters could help.

Wait, the problem says to use a step function. So h is a step function, which means it's piecewise constant. The current approach uses a discretized version with samples over [0,2]. The initial_h_values might be a 45-point grid. The code uses a combination of generated functions and random guesses. But maybe I can find a better starting point.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, maybe use a more structured approach. For example, using a checkerboard pattern or a more optimal partition of the interval. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetries or regular intervals.

Another point is the constraints: the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1. So the sum of h is n_points / 2. The code correctly enforces that. But during optimization, maybe the constraints are too strict, causing the algorithm to get stuck. Balancing the constraints and the objective function is important.

Looking at the previous code's evaluation: it uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of these correlations multiplied by dx is the C5 value. So optimizing this requires looking at all possible shifts.

Perhaps the current approach is too slow or not exploring the search space enough. Using differential evolution might be too slow for large n_points, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses n=45, which is small. Maybe trying a different n_points could help? But the problem says to prefer smaller ones.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code could use more efficient optimization techniques. For example, using a more efficient local optimizer after finding a good initial guess. Or using a different initial guess strategy.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. Maybe the optimal h has regions where it's 1 and 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a pattern that avoids having too much overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

The initial_h_values might not be the optimal. Let me think: if I can generate a better initial guess, perhaps by using a more informed method. For instance, a construction that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that balances the integral and reduces overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a tile of a certain width. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into several blocks, and h is 1 in some and 0 in others. The exact arrangement would need to balance the integral and minimize overlap.

But how to translate this into code? Let's think about using a more structured initial guess. For example, using a sinusoidal function or more complex patterns.

Wait, the previous code tried generating pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. But maybe using a combination of these or a different waveform could be better. Also, perhaps using a more systematic approach for generating initial guesses, like varying parameters in a grid.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has a certain regularity. For example, for C5, maybe the optimal h is a function that has a uniform distribution over some intervals, but with overlaps minimized when shifted.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But for the problem's constraints, maybe a different approach, like genetic algorithms, could be more effective. However, genetic algorithms might be too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, perhaps use a gradient-based method with a better starting point. The previous code uses SLSQP after generating a guess. What if I use a better initial guess?

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a particular pattern. If I can analyze that pattern, perhaps I can tweak it. For example, if the initial h is a combination of pulses or a certain structured pattern, maybe I can adjust the positions or widths of these pulses to minimize the overlap.

Another angle: the current bound is around 0.38, and the target is 0.380876. So even a slight improvement would be better. Maybe the previous approach can be refined by adjusting parameters like the number of iterations, the types of guesses, or using more sophisticated optimization methods.

Looking at the code's structure, the initial guesses include various functions, and then differential evolution is used. However, the number of iterations might be limited. Maybe increasing the number of guesses or the number of iterations could help, but within the time budget.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, replacing differential evolution with a more efficient local search once a good initial guess is found.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of all shifted correlations. To minimize this, perhaps we can focus on the most critical shifts. For example, if we can identify which shifts contribute the most to the maximum, then optimize for those. However, this requires knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be feasible in real-time.

Alternatively, we can use an iterative approach where we optimize for one shift at a time, then another, etc., but this might not lead to the global minimum.

Hmm. Also, the current code uses a lot of guesses, which might be time-consuming. Maybe reducing the number of guesses but with more effective ones could help. For example, focusing on certain types of functions that are more likely to yield a good result.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The initial_h_values are for n=45. Maybe trying a different n_points, like 60 or 30, could lead to a better solution. However, the problem says smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe with a better algorithm, a larger n could be better.

Wait, but the time budget is 100 seconds. So for a larger n, the number of points increases, and the computation might be slower. For example, with n=100, the time for each evaluation might increase, but perhaps the optimization is more precise. However, the user's previous program used n=45. So maybe sticking with a similar n is better.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several different guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle), then uses SLSQP on each of these, and then differential evolution, followed by further refinement. Maybe the code could be optimized by using a different strategy in generating initial guesses or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum over all shifts. The current code uses np.correlate, which computes all shifts. However, maybe the maximum occurs at certain shifts (like k=1, 2, etc.) that are not being properly considered. But how to exploit this? Maybe adjust the code to focus on the top few shifts.

Alternatively, using a different method to compute the objective function. For example, if we can find a way to compute the maximum overlap more efficiently, but this might not be necessary.

Wait, the problem with the current code might be that the initial guesses are not good enough. For example, using random guesses might not be effective in finding a good starting point. What if we use a more informed initial guess based on some known patterns?

For example, the optimal h for C5 might have a certain structure. In the literature, for example, perhaps there's a known construction that's close to the optimal. But since I don't have that knowledge, I need to think of a way to construct it.

Another approach: instead of starting from the initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess that's more optimal. For example, using a periodic function with specific parameters. For instance, a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other, but shifted in a way that minimizes overlap. However, this would likely not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function with more than two levels. For example, a function that has multiple intervals where it's 1 or 0, arranged in a way to minimize overlap. However, since h is a step function, we can model this with multiple points.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically? Maybe splitting the interval into several segments and assigning 1 or 0 to each segment. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and alternating between 1 and 0. However, this would not be optimal.

Alternatively, considering that the problem involves shifts, perhaps the optimal h should have a certain periodicity. For example, for shifts that are integer multiples of a certain value, the overlap would be minimized. But again, how to model this.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], maybe the function h should be designed such that the regions where it's 1 and 0 are arranged to avoid overlap when shifted by certain amounts. For example, arranging the 1s in such a way that shifting them by k would result in minimal overlap with the 0s.

This sounds like a covering problem. The goal is to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, such that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. This is similar to a covering code or a packing problem, but in a continuous setting.

But how to model this? Maybe, for each possible shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over all k, the function h should be structured so that for every k, the overlap is small.

This is quite abstract. Let's think of it as a function that's "spread out" so that when shifted, there's not much overlap with itself. For example, if the function h is similar to a low-pass filter or something with certain properties.

Alternatively, thinking of it as a binary function (since it's a step function), the maximum overlap would be minimized if the function is as "spread out" as possible. But this is vague.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral, perhaps using a function that is a combination of several shifted versions of itself. However, this is too vague.

Let me think of specific examples. Suppose h is a binary function with two intervals. For example, h(x) = 1 for x in [0, a) and 0 for x in [a, 2]. Then the integral is a. To have the integral equal to 1, a must be 1. Then, the overlap integral when shifted by k would be the integral over x where h(x) =1 and x +k is in [a, 2], which would be the overlap between [0, 1) and [a -k, 2 -k]. The maximum of these would depend on k. However, for this simple case, the maximum overlap might be larger than the current bound.

But this is just one example. The initial code uses a more complex structure.

Perhaps the current code could be improved by using a different initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and then applying a more aggressive optimization. Or using a different method to generate the initial guess.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm to explore the search space more thoroughly. But the time budget might be too tight for that. Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method, like a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution for a few iterations, then refines with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or adjusting parameters could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a different type of optimization problem setup. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps use a different objective that encourages balancing all shifts. But this could be more complex.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (probably 45). Maybe trying a larger n_points could lead to a better solution, but with more computation. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. But if a larger n_points leads to a better bound, perhaps it's worth trying, as long as it fits within the time budget.

For example, if n_points is 60, then dx is 2/60 ≈ 0.033. The correlation computation would have more points, but the optimization might be more precise.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying to optimize the existing structure more effectively is better.

Looking back at the code, maybe there's a way to optimize the way initial guesses are generated. For example, instead of generating a lot of different waveforms, maybe using a more efficient grid of parameters for those functions. Or focusing on certain shifts.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the object function. For example, precomputing certain values or using vectorized operations.

Another point is the use of SLSQP. The current code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maximum iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help find a better solution. Or using a better initial guess.

Ah! The previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. But what if the initial guess is not good enough? Maybe modifying the initial guess to have a better structure.

Alternatively, trying to construct a better initial guess by combining different patterns. For example, taking the initial_h_values and perturbing it in certain ways to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another angle: the problem is similar to a scheduling or resource allocation problem, where you have to distribute the area under h (which is 1) such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. So maybe a greedy approach could be applied, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, focusing on the shifts that are most critical. For example, the maximum overlap is likely to appear for certain values of k (like k=1 or k=0.5). So perhaps optimizing for those specific shifts first.

But how to implement that? For example, during optimization, try to minimize the overlap for those particular shifts, and then check other shifts.

This could be done by adjusting the objective function to give more weight to certain shifts. However, the current objective is the maximum over all shifts, so maybe it's better to focus on the worst-case scenario.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using sequential quadratic programming with good settings.

In the previous code, the optimization uses an equality constraint for the integral. But maybe adding other constraints or using more accurate optimization parameters could help.

Wait, the previous code uses the equality constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2. The bounds are 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1. The objective function is the maximum correlation, which is a non-smooth function. This could make optimization challenging, as the objective is not differentiable everywhere.

This might be why SLSQP is used, as it can handle constraints, but for non-smooth objectives, the convergence might be slow or the solution might be suboptimal.

An alternative is to approximate the objective function. For example, using a smooth approximation of the maximum function, but this could complicate things.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method that handles non-smooth objectives better, like a genetic algorithm. However, genetic algorithms are not as efficient as SLSQP for this problem, especially with the time constraints.

Hmm. Maybe the previous code can be improved by refining the initial guesses and using better optimization parameters.

For example, in the code, the 'refine' function is called after some initial steps. What if we increase the number of refinement steps or use more aggressive settings?

Also, the de_guess function uses differential evolution with popsize=60 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the population size or number of iterations could lead to better results. But with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps adding some randomness to it could help escape local optima. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly before running the optimization.

In summary, to improve the code, I can:

1. Use a better initial guess, possibly based on known patterns or a more systematic approach.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow more thorough exploration.
3. Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP.
4. Use a different initial guess generation strategy.
5. Focus on optimizing for the most critical shifts.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me think about the initial code's structure. It starts with the initial_h_values, then generates various waveform guesses, and then uses DE and SLSQP. Perhaps adding more initial guesses, like different pulse frequencies or duty cycles, or a combination of functions, could help.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a random sample of points that are uniformly distributed, then adjusting them to meet the integral constraint.

Another idea: the code uses 'gen_random' to generate random initial guesses. Maybe using a more informed random generation, such as generating a histogram that approximates a certain shape.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by making the following changes:

- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution.
- Use more aggressive parameters for the SLSQP optimizer.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses, perhaps with different parameters for the wave functions.
- Include more types of initial guesses, such as combinations of different waveforms.
- Optimize the refining steps by increasing the number of refinement iterations.

Also, ensure that the code is efficient in its use of time, perhaps by reducing the number of guesses but making them more effective.

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly.

In the previous code, the 'guesses' are generated with various parameters. Maybe adding more frequencies or duty cycles would help. Also, increasing the number of 'gen_random' calls could lead to more diverse guesses.

Additionally, in the differential evolution loop, the number of iterations is limited by the budget. So perhaps using more iterations, but keeping the time under control.

Also, the 'refine' function is called with a limited number of steps. Increasing the number of refinement steps could lead to better convergence.

Another optimization: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, the objective function is not convex. Hence, the optimization may get stuck in local minima. Using a better initial guess could help avoid this.

Considering all these, here's a plan for the code:

- Keep the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate more initial guesses, including more waveform types and parameters.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and a larger population.
- Increase the number of SLSQP refinement steps.
- Adjust the optimization parameters, such as the tolerance and maximum iterations.

But how to implement this without exceeding the time budget? Let's try to code this.

Perhaps the code can be modified to generate more guesses, including more pulse and triangle wave variants, and increase the number of DE iterations. Also, adjust the SLSQP settings to allow more iterations.

Here's a revised approach:

1. Start with initial_h_values.
2. Generate more waveform-based initial guesses (e.g., different frequencies and duty cycles).
3. Use differential evolution with higher iterations and population size.
4. Refine the best solution with SLSQP for more steps.
5. Use a better way to generate initial guesses, such as including more structured patterns.

For example, perhaps adding more frequency values in the pulse and sawtooth functions. Or using different duty cycles.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, maybe generate several structured guesses based on dividing the interval into multiple sections. For example, using a function that has 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that might reduce overlap.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically?

For example, split the interval [0,2] into m equal parts, and assign 1 to certain parts and 0 to others such that the integral is 1. For example, if m=3 and the length of each part is 2/3. Then, assign 1 to one part, 0 to another, and 1 to the third, etc. But this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern with periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 for a small interval, then 0, then 1 again, etc., arranged in a way that the integral is satisfied and the overlap is minimized.

But how to implement this? Maybe using a fixed pattern and tuning its parameters.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated approach, like using a Fourier series to model h(x), but this might complicate things.

Given the time constraints, it's better to proceed with modifying the existing code to generate more initial guesses and refine them better.

So, the revised code would:

- Extend the guesses list with more generated functions.
- Increase the number of DE iterations.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Use better parameters for SLSQP.

Another improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precompute the necessary values or use vectorized operations.

In the existing code, the objective function computes the correlation and takes the maximum. This is correct, but maybe some optimizations can be made here.

Another thing: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But when the h has n_points samples, the correlation will have 2n-1 points. However, since we're interested in the maximum over all k, which corresponds to shifts from 0 to (n-1) * dx, but dx is 2/n, so the shifts can be up to 2-2*dx.

But the code is correct in computing the maximum of the correlation.

So, putting this together, the revised code would focus on generating more initial guesses, possibly with more parameter variations, and using more thorough optimization steps.

Another point: the previous code's 'gen_random' function generates random samples and normalizes them to meet the integral constraint. This could be a good starting point for exploration. Maybe increasing the number of such random guesses would help.

In conclusion, the code can be adjusted to generate more initial guesses, use more aggressive optimization parameters, and refine the solution more thoroughly. These changes should help in finding a better C5 bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 16):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(8):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```