<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my previous attempt got 0.381142. The goal is to get even lower. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code used a combination of different guess functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle, random) and optimization with SLSQP and differential evolution. However, maybe there's a better way. Let me consider different strategies.

One thing that might be missing is symmetry. Maybe a symmetric construction could be better. The current initial_h_values might not be symmetric. Let me check. If the initial_h_values are symmetric, perhaps that's a good starting point. But if not, maybe generating a symmetric version could help.

Another idea is to use more structured patterns. For example, using multiple pulses with different phases or spacings. Maybe arranging the pulses so that their shifts (k) don't align too well, reducing the overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different shapes. The previous code tried pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe trying more shapes or different combinations.

Also, the optimization approach might be too slow for the given budget. The budget is 100 seconds, but the code uses DE and SLSQP, which might be computationally heavy. Maybe a better optimization strategy, like using a genetic algorithm with more efficient sampling, or using some heuristic to guide the search.

Another consideration is the discretization. The code uses n_points samples, and with the initial_h_values being 45 samples. Maybe using a larger n_points would give better results? But larger n_points would take more time. However, the code's previous version uses 45 samples, but maybe trying n_points=200 or so could be better, but within the time budget.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe n_points=200 is feasible. But how much time would that take?

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a local search with a good initial guess. Or using a different merit function.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h. So perhaps the problem is similar to designing a signal h that has low correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "zero-correlation" sequence, but with the constraint on the integral.

So maybe using a sequence with certain periodic properties or using a construction that spreads out the 1s in h to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, a set of points that are spaced in such a way that when shifted by certain amounts, they don't overlap much with their original positions.

In the current approach, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern. Maybe generating a more optimal pattern by using a combination of different pulses or using a more complex shape.

Alternatively, maybe using a ternary pattern or a more complex structure. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0, 0.5, or 1, and optimizing the positions of these regions to minimize overlap.

Another idea: the maximum overlap is over all k. So perhaps we can model this as a optimization problem where for each k, we have a constraint that the integral is less than or equal to some value. Then, minimizing the maximum of these integrals. However, this is an infinite-dimensional problem, so we need to approximate it with a finite number of k's.

But how to choose those k's? For example, if we can find k's that are critical, maybe the ones that correspond to the shift that would maximize the overlap. But how to find those k's?

Alternatively, considering that for any h, the maximum occurs at some specific k. For example, if the function h has a certain periodicity, then the maximum might be achieved at certain shifts. However, without knowing the structure of h, this is hard.

Another approach is to use the concept of the "Erdos problem" which is related to covering the interval with shifts. Maybe looking into existing literature or known constructions for similar problems could help. But since I can't look up references, I have to rely on my knowledge.

Let me think about the current code structure. It generates various initial guesses and then uses optimization. Perhaps the initial guess is too rough, and we can improve it by generating better initial patterns.

For example, maybe using a pattern where h has three segments: 0, 1, and 0.5. Or a more complex segmentation. For instance, arranging the 1s in h to be spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a sawtooth pattern with varying duty cycles. But how to parameterize that.

Another idea: use a periodic function. For example, a function that repeats a certain pattern in intervals. If the pattern is such that shifting it by certain amounts doesn't cause overlap. But again, how to design that.

Alternatively, maybe use a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but arranged so that when shifted by k, the overlap between 1s and 0s is minimized. For example, a uniform distribution of the 1s, but that would lead to high overlap for some shifts.

Wait, the integral of h is 1, so the total area under h is 1. So over an interval of length 2, the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe a way to spread the 1s and 0s in a way that when shifted, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is minimized.

But how to model this. Let's think about the integral for a specific k. Suppose we have a shift k, then the integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x + k) is 1 (i.e., h(x + k) is 0), plus areas where h(x) is between 0 and 1 and 1 - h(x + k) is between 0 and 1.

But perhaps the maximum occurs when k corresponds to the shift that causes the overlap between the 1s in h and the 0s in h when shifted.

This seems similar to the problem of scheduling overlapping intervals. So maybe the optimal h is such that when you shift it by certain k, the overlap is minimized.

Another way to think is that the function h(x) should be as "flat" as possible, but with the constraint of total integral 1. However, flattening might not help as the integral is fixed. So perhaps a balance between spreading out the 1s and having certain regions where they are 0 or 1.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a step function with multiple intervals. For example, suppose h is 1 on intervals [a, b], [c, d], etc., such that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to choose those intervals. This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, which is computationally expensive.

Given that the time is limited, maybe focusing on improving the initial guess and optimizing it with better techniques.

In the previous code, they used several initial guesses and then DE and SLSQP. Perhaps trying different initial patterns could yield better results. For instance, using a more structured initial guess rather than random ones.

Another idea is to use a more advanced optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, but that might be too complex to implement quickly. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization with better convergence.

Wait, the current code uses DE (differential evolution), which is a global optimization method. Maybe using a combination of DE with a local refinement via SLSQP could help. The previous approach uses DE for some guesses, then SLSQP for refinement.

But perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over possible parameter values for different patterns, then optimizing from there.

Alternatively, trying to construct a function based on known good constructions for similar problems. For example, in the Erdős problem, the optimal solution might have a certain structure that can be approximated.

Alternatively, maybe using a pattern that's a combination of uniform distribution and some correction terms. For instance, starting with a uniform distribution (h is 0.5 everywhere), then adjusting it to minimize the overlap.

Wait, but the uniform distribution would have h(x) = 0.5 for all x, leading to each overlap integral being the same. Then the integral would be ∫ 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) dx = 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. Which is worse than the current best. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that has 1s and 0s in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, placing the 1s in h in two regions separated by some distance, so that when shifted, the overlaps between the regions are minimized.

For example, suppose we have two intervals where h is 1, each of length L, and the rest is 0. Then, the total area is 2L = 1 → L=0.5. The length of the interval is 2, so the two intervals are placed such that they are separated by some distance. Let's say they are placed at positions [a, a + 0.5] and [b, b + 0.5], with a + 0.5 < b. The distance between the two intervals is d = b - a - 0.5. Then, when shifting by k, the overlap would be when k is such that the intervals overlap when shifted.

But how to choose a and d to minimize the maximum overlap. This is a simplified model, but perhaps gives some insight.

Alternatively, using multiple intervals. For example, three intervals. But this becomes complex.

Another approach is to consider that the optimal h is a step function with a certain number of intervals. Maybe trying to find such a function with a few intervals and optimize their positions and widths.

But since we're working with a discretized version, perhaps the code can generate a function with a certain number of steps, then optimize the positions of those steps to minimize the overlap.

However, implementing this would require a different approach from the previous code, perhaps using a different optimization method.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a trade-off between different shift values. For instance, if the function h is designed to have low overlap for certain k's, but higher for others. The maximum would then be the worst case.

But without knowing which k's are critical, it's hard to target.

Another idea is to use the fact that the overlap integral for a shift k is equal to the integral over all x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we can represent this as a convolution, maybe there's a way to model it more effectively.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx. For discrete samples, this would approximate the integral. The full mode returns the cross-correlation, which for each shift k (from -1 to n_points-1) gives the integral. But the maximum over all k's is what we need.

But for continuous functions, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is equivalent to the convolution of h with (1 - h) shifted appropriately. However, since the functions are defined on [0,2], the shifts k might be in a certain range.

But since we're working with a discrete approximation, the code is considering k's that correspond to the shift of the samples.

So maybe the optimal h is such that for most shifts, the integral is low, and the maximum is minimized.

In terms of optimization, the current code uses a variety of initial guesses, which is a reasonable approach. However, perhaps the previous code's initial guesses were not diverse enough, leading to suboptimal results.

So perhaps generating a wider range of initial patterns would help. For example, trying different types of functions, like sine waves, triangular waves, etc., with varying parameters. Also, using more sophisticated initial guesses, such as those that are based on mathematical properties.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. But again, implementing that in a limited time might be challenging.

Another thought: the current code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. But with more points, the optimization becomes more computationally intensive, which might be a problem under the 100-second budget. However, if the code can handle it, trying n_points=200 could yield better results.

Alternatively, the code could use a different number of points. For example, maybe the optimal solution is achieved with a certain number of points, and the code should explore different n_points values.

But how to balance that. If I change n_points, I need to adjust the initial h_values accordingly. However, the initial_h_values provided might be for n=45. So, perhaps the code should stick to that or use a similar number.

Another idea: combining the previous initial guesses with more structured ones. For example, generating a function that has multiple pulses, each with a certain width and spacing. For example, placing pulses in a staggered pattern.

But how to generate that programmatically. For instance, generating a periodic sequence with pulses at certain intervals, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on specific points and 0 elsewhere, but that's a step function. However, with the integral constraint, the number of 1s would need to be such that the total area is 1.

Wait, the initial_h_values could be a step function. For example, if we have a binary function, h(x) is 1 on some intervals and 0 elsewhere. Then, the integral is 1, so the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1 (since each x is 2 units long, and the average is 0.5).

In this case, the optimal step function might have intervals arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, placing the intervals in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

This suggests that the problem is similar to packing intervals on the circle (since shifting by 2 would wrap around) to minimize overlap. However, since the interval is [0,2], shifts larger than 2 would wrap around.

But how to model this. For example, if the intervals are placed such that their shifts by k don't cover the same regions as much.

This is getting abstract. Maybe a better approach is to take the current code and improve it by generating better initial guesses, using more efficient optimization, or adjusting parameters.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a combination of functions to generate initial guesses. Maybe generating more functions, or varying parameters more widely. For example, adding more pulse functions with different frequencies or different duty cycles, or adding more random guesses.

In terms of optimization, the code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe using a different optimization method for specific ranges of the function. For example, using DE for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

Also, the initial code has a refine function that uses SLSQP multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters of the optimizer could help.

In addition, the code may be getting stuck in local optima, so using more initial guesses or different exploration strategies could help find the global optimum.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. This could be more efficient in exploring the search space. But coding a genetic algorithm within the given time might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient than random search.

But given the time constraints, perhaps sticking to the current approach but refining it.

So, what changes could I make to the previous code to improve it?

- Use more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more pulse, sawtooth, triangle patterns with different parameters.
- Tune the hyperparameters of the optimization methods (like the number of iterations in DE, the mutation rate, etc.)
- Use a better initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values provided, which may already be a good starting point.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.
- Adjust the objective function and constraints to better fit the problem.

Also, considering that the code uses a lot of time on the DE steps, maybe reducing the number of DE iterations and focusing on more efficient local optimization.

Another possibility is to use a different method for generating initial guesses. For example, instead of generating random pulses, using a pattern based on the current best solution.

Alternatively, use a more advanced initial configuration, such as a distribution where the function h is arranged to have uniform coverage, but with some corrections.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps using that as the base and modifying it. For example, if the initial guess is a certain pattern, then trying to optimize from there.

Another idea: instead of using all those different functions, focus on generating a few highly structured patterns and optimizing them.

For example, generating a periodic step function with certain parameters, and then optimizing those parameters.

In terms of code changes, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to include more structured patterns. For example, adding more triangle functions with different duty cycles, or other waveforms.

Alternatively, trying to find a pattern that has three or more segments with different levels. For example, using 0.5 in some parts and 1 in others.

But how to generate that programmatically.

Alternatively, the code could use a different approach for generating the initial guesses. For instance, instead of adding multiple functions, use an initial guess that is a combination of different structures.

Also, the current code uses a lot of time in the DE steps, which could be optimized. For example, reducing the number of DE iterations and relying more on the SLSQP steps.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the function obj. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. However, the mode 'full' could give more values than needed. But since the maximum is taken over all k, it's necessary.

But to save time, perhaps precomputing the possible k values that are most likely to cause high overlap.

However, without knowing which k's are critical, this is difficult.

In terms of the code, maybe the initial code is too slow. Let me think about possible optimizations.

For example, the current code generates multiple initial guesses with various functions, then optimizes each. Maybe this is time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the number of guesses and focusing on the most promising ones.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For instance, using the initial_h_values as the starting point and optimizing from there, instead of generating many guesses.

But the previous code uses a combination of different guesses, which might help escape local optima.

Another idea: using a more efficient optimization method for the SLSQP steps, such as adjusting the tolerance or the convergence criteria.

In summary, to improve the previous code, I could:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point and refine it with more optimization steps.
2. Try generating additional structured initial guesses (more pulse, triangle, etc.).
3. Tune the parameters of the optimization methods (number of DE iterations, mutation rates, etc.).
4. Use more efficient refinement steps.
5. Possibly increase the number of points if feasible within the time.

However, increasing n_points might lead to longer computation times. For example, using n_points=200 would require more memory and computation, but within 100 seconds?

Alternatively, stick with n_points=45 as in the initial setup.

Given that, let me think about modifying the code to make these changes.

First, the initial_h_values are provided. The previous code uses the initial guess as one of the guesses, but also adds other functions. Maybe the initial guess is already good, and the code should focus on refining it.

So, perhaps the code should start with the initial_h_values, and perform a more thorough optimization from there.

Another idea: instead of using DE for some guesses, focus on optimizing the initial guess with SLSQP.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods. For example, run SLSQP from the initial guess, then use DE to explore nearby regions.

Also, the previous code has a refine step that uses SLSQP multiple times. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help.

Another thing: the current code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values, which is 45. The problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using a smaller n_points would be better. But with 45 points, the code already has a manageable size.

Another possible change: instead of using a wide variety of initial guesses, focus on generating a small number of highly structured initial guesses. For example, using a few different pulse patterns with varying parameters, then optimizing those.

In terms of code structure, the initial code generates several guesses, which could be time-consuming. So perhaps reducing the number of guesses or generating them more efficiently.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated by multiple functions. Maybe replace some of those with more targeted patterns.

Another idea: the current code uses a function to generate random guesses, which may not be the best. Perhaps generate random guesses with a different distribution, like uniform or some structured random patterns.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say.

In summary, to improve the code, maybe focus on:

- Using the initial_h_values as the main starting point.
- Generating additional initial guesses that are more likely to lead to better results.
- Optimizing the parameters of the optimization methods (like the number of iterations, tolerances).
- Using more refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Possibly increasing the number of points if feasible.

Now, let me think about how to code these changes.

First, I'll keep the initial_h_values as the base. Then, perhaps generate a few more initial guesses, such as other pulse patterns with different frequencies or duty cycles.

Also, the code could be modified to generate initial guesses that are variations of the initial_h_values, such as slightly perturbed versions.

But to keep it simple, maybe focus on the initial code's structure and improve the optimization steps.

Another idea: in the previous code, the DE runs for 80 iterations and the SLSQP for 150. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations, but that could take more time. Alternatively, reduce the number of DE iterations and rely on more refinement.

Alternatively, try using the initial_h_values as the first guess, then perform several iterations of SLSQP.

Another thought: the code may be getting stuck in local optima due to the initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse guesses could help.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated using different functions, but perhaps there are more patterns to consider. For example, adding more triangle functions with different duty cycles, or adding functions with different modulations.

Another possible change is to add more structured initial guesses. For example, generating a function with three pulses arranged in a certain way.

But how to code that. For example, a function that has three pulses spaced apart.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain wave-like pattern.

In any case, the exact code would need to be modified accordingly.

Another important aspect is the time budget. The code must complete within 100 seconds. The previous code uses multiple steps, including DE and SLSQP. Perhaps reducing the number of DE iterations would save time, allowing more refinement steps.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps.

In terms of code, here's what I can do:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate a few more targeted initial guesses, like different waveform patterns.
- Use DE for a limited number of iterations.
- Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to converge faster.

Now, let me think about modifying the code accordingly. For example, generating a few additional initial guesses, then optimizing them.

Let me also consider that the previous code's initial_h_values may already be a good approximation. Therefore, the code should focus on refining it with more thorough optimization steps.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps, such as using a gradient-based method like L-BFGS-B, but the current code uses SLSQP. However, SLSQP might be more suitable for the constraints.

But given the time, I'll proceed with the previous structure but make some adjustments.

Perhaps the code can be optimized by:

- Reducing the number of initial guesses.
- Focusing on the most promising ones.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps.
- Adjusting the optimization parameters for SLSQP.

For example, the code could have a few initial guesses (say, the initial_h_values, a few pulse patterns, and a few random ones), then optimize each with SLSQP and DE.

Also, using the initial_h_values as the main guess.

In the code, the current guesses include several functions. Let me think about which ones are most promising. For example, the initial_h_values might already be a good guess, so maybe the code should prioritize optimizing from there.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then perform a more thorough optimization, perhaps with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Given the time constraints, the code should be modified to focus on optimizing the initial guess with more refinement steps, possibly using SLSQP multiple times with different settings.

In summary, the code needs to be adjusted to:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a reliable starting point.
2. Generate additional targeted initial guesses.
3. Optimize each guess with SLSQP and DE.
4. Perform multiple refinement steps to improve the solution.

Now, I'll try to code these changes into the existing structure.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses a function called gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_random. To generate more initial guesses, perhaps adding more variations or combinations.

But to keep the code concise, I'll focus on the changes that can be made within the time.

So, in the modified code, perhaps the guesses can be limited to a few functions, and the refinement steps are increased.

In the previous code, the guesses are created by appending various functions. However, maybe generating fewer guesses and optimizing them more thoroughly.

Here's an outline of the changes:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Add a few more guesses, such as pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with specific parameters.
- Reduce the number of random guesses.
- Use DE for fewer iterations but with higher population sizes or different parameters.
- Increase the number of refinement steps.

Thus, the modified code could look like this, with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 4):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(30):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```