<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using a combination of different guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. My goal is to come up with a better approach that can find a lower C₅ value than the current record of 0.38085.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The C₅ is the maximum of these integrals for different k.

The previous approach used initial_h_values and then tried various guesses based on different waveforms (pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves) and optimized using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. 

I should think about different strategies. One idea is to use more structured constructions. For example, maybe a piecewise constant function with specific patterns that minimize the overlaps. Alternatively, maybe using symmetry or periodic properties could help. Another thought is to use a genetic algorithm with more tailored objectives, or perhaps a different optimization method that can escape local optima better.

Wait, the problem mentions that using different starting points is encouraged. The initial_h_values could be a starting point, but maybe other constructions might lead to better results. For example, using a more evenly distributed set of steps, or a staggered pattern.

Let me think about the current code's limitations. The previous code uses a fixed set of guesses (like pulses, sawtooth, etc.) and applies SLSQP and differential evolution. However, differential evolution might be slow for large n_points, and maybe the initial guesses aren't optimal. Also, the code might be stuck in local minima if the initial guesses aren't good.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method, like a hybrid approach. Maybe start with a coarse grid and then refine it. Or use Bayesian optimization to find the best parameters for the function. However, with time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient.

Alternatively, considering that the integral for the shift k is the overlap between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. This resembles a convolution. The maximum over all shifts could be interpreted as the maximum correlation between h and (1 - h) over different lags. So, minimizing this maximum correlation. Maybe there's a way to design h such that the correlation is minimized by ensuring that h and (1 - h) don't overlap much when shifted.

Another approach is to use a non-uniform distribution of h's value. For example, placing the 1's and 0's in such a way that when shifted, they don't align in a way that their product is large. This might involve distributing the "active" regions (where h is 1) in a way that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized.

What about trying to model this as a binary optimization problem, where h is a step function with values 0 or 1? But the current problem allows h to be any step function, so maybe using a discretized approach with more points than the initial 45.

Wait, the initial_h_values are n=45 samples. The code allows for n_points to be less than 1k, so maybe using a larger n_points (like 100 or 200) could help. But the problem states that smaller n is preferred for faster optimization. However, with more points, the function can be more precise. But with the time budget, maybe using n_points=100 is feasible.

But the previous code used 45. Let me think: if I increase n_points, the number of parameters increases, which might make optimization harder. But maybe with a smarter approach, it's worth it.

Another idea is to use a multi-stage optimization. First, generate a set of candidate functions, then perform local optimization on each. Alternatively, use a randomized search with a better exploration strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe combining them with other methods. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then refining with SLSQP. But the previous code already does that.

Another possible improvement is to use an explicit construction. For example, maybe a function that's 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, placed in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, using a periodic pattern with certain phase shifts.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The function h(x) is like a set in [0,2], and we want that when shifted, the overlap between h and its complement is minimized. So the goal is to place the set h such that any shift k has minimal overlap with the complement.

This resembles the concept of a set with minimal correlation with its shifts. Maybe using a set that is structured to have uniform spacing between the intervals where h is 1.

For instance, if we divide the interval [0,2] into several segments and assign 1s to non-overlapping intervals, but spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't align. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So if the interval is split into m segments, each of length l_i, sum l_i = 1. But how to arrange these segments to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, using a set of intervals that are as far apart as possible. For example, placing the intervals in positions that when shifted, they don't overlap with each other.

But how to translate this into a function h(x) that is a step function with 0s and 1s. Maybe arranging the 1s in a way that each interval is spaced so that their shifts don't overlap much.

Another approach is to use a greedy algorithm. Start by placing intervals where the overlap is minimized, then iteratively adjust them. However, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary vector (in the discretized case), then the overlap integral becomes a pairwise correlation between h and (1 - h) shifted by k. So, the maximum over all k of the correlation between h and (1 - h) at shift k. To minimize this, we need h to be such that when shifted, it doesn't align well with (1 - h).

But how to design such a binary vector?

Perhaps using a randomized construction. For example, assigning 1s to the vector such that each 1 is spaced out, and then optimizing the exact positions. But again, this is similar to the initial approach.

Wait, the previous code uses a combination of waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe using some more sophisticated initial guesses, like based on known optimal solutions for lower n, or using a different parameterization.

Another idea is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is influenced by the largest overlap for any shift. So, to minimize this, we need to ensure that for each possible shift, the integral is as small as possible.

This seems related to the idea of a set with low discrepancy or low mutual coherence. Perhaps using a packing-like approach where the 1s are placed to avoid overlapping with their shifted versions.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is similar to a two-dimensional problem where you want to place points (intervals) in [0,2] such that their overlaps with shifted versions are minimized. 

But without a clear path, perhaps focusing on improving the optimization process. For example, in the previous code, the guesses are generated with various functions. Maybe trying more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies or more varied waveforms.

Alternatively, the code could use a different initial guess such as a checkered pattern or a more uniform distribution. Let me think: if the initial guess is a function that's 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other, then shifting would create overlaps. But perhaps a more staggered pattern could work better.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed initial guess (initial_h_values) and a set of generated guesses. Maybe using a better initial guess, such as one that approximates known upper bounds or uses a specific pattern.

For example, the initial_h_values might be a particular construction, but if that's not available, perhaps create a new initial guess. For instance, a function that is 1 on certain intervals spaced apart.

But given that the initial_h_values is available, perhaps using it as a starting point. However, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then tries other guesses, which might not be optimal.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization framework that can efficiently explore the parameter space. But with the time constraints, this may not be feasible.

Alternatively, use a gradient-based optimization with a better initialization. Maybe using more advanced constraints in the SLSQP optimizer, such as warm starts or adaptive step sizes.

Another idea is to accept that the maximum overlap is determined by a few specific shifts. For example, maybe the worst case is when k is 1, 2, or some small value. So, focusing the optimization on minimizing the overlap for those specific shifts, while still ensuring the integral constraint.

But how to determine which shifts are most critical? It might require checking the evaluation of the overlap for various k's.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for shift k is similar to the convolution of h and (1-h) at position k. So, the maximum of these convolutions is what needs to be minimized.

In signal processing terms, this is like minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). So, perhaps using techniques from signal processing to design such a function.

But I'm not sure about specific techniques here.

Another approach: use a combination of different waveforms, but with more parameters. For example, instead of using fixed frequencies and amplitudes, parameterize the waveforms and optimize their parameters.

But this might complicate the optimization process.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It starts with initial guess, then adds various generated guesses, optimizes each, then uses differential evolution, and refines. Maybe the issue is that the generated guesses are not diverse enough. Perhaps adding more types of initial guesses, such as combinations of different pulses, or more varied patterns.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that can be improved upon. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern of 1s and 0s, maybe modifying those positions to spread them more evenly.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for a more precise function that minimizes the overlaps. However, more points would increase the computational load. But given that the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps with n_points=100, it's feasible.

But the previous code used n_points=45, which is smaller. Maybe using a higher n_points could lead to better results. Let me check the time constraints. For example, with n_points=100, the number of parameters is 100. Each optimization step would take more time, but perhaps with a faster method, it's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe the code's current approach is too slow, and a different optimization strategy could be faster.

Another idea: use a direct search method with population-based optimization, such as a genetic algorithm, but tailored for this specific problem. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch may be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first, use a global search to find a good initial guess, then use a local optimizer to refine it.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is used, which is a global optimizer, but it may not be efficient enough. Maybe swapping it with more efficient global methods or adjusting parameters.

Another idea is to use the fact that the maximum overlap is determined by the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) over x. This integral can be transformed into a sum over the intervals where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0 (or vice versa). So, if the function h(x) can be arranged such that when shifted by k, the overlap between h(x) and the complement (1-h(x+k)) is minimized.

This suggests that for each shift k, the overlap is determined by the regions where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x +k) is 1, which is equivalent to Regions where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. So, the integral is the volume of such regions.

To minimize this for all k, the function h(x) should avoid having overlapping regions when shifted by any k. So, for any k, there's very little overlap between h(x) and the shifted complement.

This is similar to the concept of a set with low mutual coherence in signal processing. Perhaps using a set with certain properties, like low discrepancy or uniform spacing.

But how to translate this into a step function. For example, if the function h(x) is 1 in non-overlapping intervals that are spaced apart. However, since the integral must be 1, the total length of these intervals is 1. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into several segments, each of length l, but then choosing the positions of these segments to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to choose these segments optimally.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. For example, the function h is chosen to cover 1 unit of length in [0,2], such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This resembles a packing problem where each segment is as far apart as possible.

But I'm not sure how to design such a function algorithmically.

Another idea: using a randomized approach, where for each position in the interval, h(x) is set to 1 with a certain probability, but ensuring that the integral constraint is met. Then, optimize this probabilistic distribution to minimize the overlap. However, this introduces continuous variables which might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with h(x) = 0.5 everywhere (which satisfies the integral constraint), then iteratively adjust the values to minimize overlaps. But how to implement this.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a two-player zero-sum game where the aim is to minimize the maximum overlap. This could be approached with game theory concepts, but it's not clear how to apply them here.

Another approach is to use a discrete version of the problem, but the problem is continuous, so it's not straightforward.

Let me think about the previous code's output. The current best is C₅ ≤ 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. To improve this, I need to find a h that reduces the maximum overlap by a small amount.

Perhaps the existing approach can be improved by:

1. Using more effective initial guesses.
2. Optimizing more efficiently.
3. Using a different optimization strategy.

Let me think about the initial guesses. The code currently generates pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe including more types of functions, like square waves with different frequencies, or other periodic functions that could distribute the 1s more evenly.

Alternatively, using a binary basis. For example, placing 1s in positions that are spaced to avoid overlaps when shifted. For example, a binary function with 1s placed at positions that are spaced such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically.

Another idea: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x is equal to the integral of h(x) over x where h(x +k) is not 1. But since h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) are both in [0,1], this is equivalent to the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0.

But how to ensure that this area is small for all k.

Perhaps, if the function h(x) is periodic with certain properties. For example, if h(x) has a period of 2, then shifting by k=2 would give the same function. But the maximum overlap would need to be checked for all k in [0, 2].

But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think about h(x) as being a binary function with 1s placed at intervals such that the minimal shift that causes overlap is maximized. This might require distributing the 1s in a way that they are as far apart as possible.

For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced at intervals of 1/α, where α is chosen such that the overlaps are minimized. But this is vague.

Let me consider the following approach:

1. Generate a set of candidate functions with different structures, such as binary functions with 1s placed at specific positions.
2. For each candidate, use optimization to fine-tune the positions to minimize the maximum overlap.
3. Compare the results and select the best one.

But generating all such candidates might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, focusing on a specific structure. For instance, consider a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in such a way that each 1 is followed by a certain number of zeros before the next 1. This would create a periodic pattern that may reduce overlaps when shifted.

But how to calculate the optimal pattern.

Alternatively, using a Fourier transform approach. Since the overlap is related to the Fourier transforms of h and (1 - h), perhaps there's a way to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation by manipulating the frequency components of h.

But I'm not sure about the exact method here.

Another idea is to use symmetry in the function. If h(x) is symmetric around x=1, then some shifts may be redundant, allowing for simplification. However, this is speculative.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code's approach to:

- Use more diverse initial guesses.
- Increase n_points to allow for finer adjustments.
- Use more efficient optimization methods, such as a combination of global and local optimization with more iterations.

Let me think about the initial guesses. The previous code generates guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of functions, like square wave-like functions with different duty cycles, or using a sinusoidal basis with different parameters.

Additionally, using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses. For example, creating a set of functions that are more spread out and less prone to overlapping when shifted.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a base and then perturb it in various ways. For example, creating a new function that is similar to initial_h_values but with some adjustments to spread out the 1s more.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values may be based on some prior construction, like a known lower bound, and then using that as a starting point for optimization.

Another idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization library, such as using the SLSQP method with tighter constraints and a better tolerance. Or using a different solver, like IPOPT or other solvers available in scipy.

However, given the code's current structure, the main issue is to generate better initial guesses and optimize more efficiently.

So, the plan for the improved code could be:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a set of diverse initial guesses by combining different waveforms, including more types like square waves, modulated functions, etc.
3. Use a combination of global and local optimization methods: perform an initial global search with differential evolution, then refine with SLSQP.
4. Include more advanced parameters in the optimization, like adjusting the population size, mutation rates, etc., for the differential evolution.
5. Increase the number of iterations or refine the optimization steps to find a better minimum.
6. Consider using a different initial guess, such as a more evenly distributed function, to escape local optima.

But without knowing the specific structure of the initial_h_values, it's challenging to know what adjustments are needed. However, the code can be modified to generate more varied guesses.

Another possible change is to replace the fixed set of guesses with a generated set of functions that cover different possibilities. For example, using random shifts and frequencies.

Alternatively, the code could be optimized to use a larger n_points, say 100, which allows for more precise adjustments. This might require adjusting the code to handle the increased computation time, but given the budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Another idea is to use asynchronous optimization steps, but that's more complex.

Putting this together, here's an outline of the code:

- Start with initial_h_values and other generated guesses.
- Use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations to find a good approximation.
- Refine the result with SLSQP.
- Ensure that the code uses efficient parameters and tracks time to avoid exceeding the budget.

Additionally, adding more initial guesses, such as varying the frequencies and amplitudes of the waveforms, and using different structures.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated using gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_tri. We can expand this set by using other functions, or varying parameters.

So, modifying the code to include more types of initial guesses, like combining different waveforms, or using more parameters.

But how to code this. For example, adding more functions like square waves, or using random patterns.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with certain properties, such as uniform distribution, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

In the previous code, after generating guesses, it uses SLSQP on each, then differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or refining more.

Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. If the initial_h_values is good, then the code could start with it and try to optimize it further.

But given that the previous code's best C₅ was 0.381142, the target is lower. Thus, the code needs to find a way to reduce this further.

Another possible improvement is to use a more targeted search. For example, evaluating which shifts contribute the most to the maximum overlap, and focusing optimization on those.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard to implement this.

Alternatively, using a penalty method in the optimization to directly minimize the maximum overlap, rather than just the integral.

But the current code uses the max of the correlate as the objective function, which is correct.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code's parameters, increase the number of iterations, and add more initial guesses.

For example, increasing the population size and maxiter for differential evolution, using more guesses, and refining more times.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation method, such as creating a function that is a more uniform distribution of 1s.

Another idea: the function h(x) can be represented as a binary vector with exactly half 1s and half 0s (since the integral is 1 over [0,2], with dx=2/n_points, sum h = n_points/2). So, perhaps using a binary vector with exactly half 1s and 0s. But the previous code allows for continuous values between 0 and 1. However, the problem says h is a step function, which typically means piecewise constant with values 0 or 1, but the problem allows any step function (i.e., values in [0,1] in pieces). However, the discrete representation allows for values between 0 and 1, but the optimization could focus on binary steps for better performance.

But the previous code uses continuous values, which is allowed.

In summary, the plan is to modify the previous code by:

- Adding more varied initial guesses.
- Using a more efficient optimization strategy.
- Increasing the number of iterations and refinement steps.
- possibly increasing the n_points to allow for more precise adjustments.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code uses a list of guesses created with gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_tri, and a random guess. To improve this, perhaps adding more functions, like square waves, other periodic functions, or random patterns.

For example, adding gen_square, or other patterns like random binary vectors.

But the code can generate more guesses by varying parameters like frequency, duty cycle, etc.

Also, using a different random generation method, such as ensuring the random guess has the correct sum.

Another possible change is to use a larger n_points. For example, using n_points=200. But I need to check the time budget. If the code takes longer with larger n_points, but the budget allows for it, it might be worth it.

But the initial code uses n_points=45. Let me think: in the code, the n_points is set as the length of initial_h_values. So, if the initial_h_values is for n=45, the code uses that, but perhaps changing it to a higher number.

But how to determine this. Since the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred", it's better to use a smaller n_points. So, maybe keeping n_points=45 is better for speed.

Therefore, the code should use the initial_h_values, which has n=45 samples.

Thus, the previous code's approach can be enhanced by:

- Adding more initial guesses: for example, generating more functions like square waves, using different frequencies and amplitudes.
- Adjusting the differential evolution parameters to use more iterations or larger populations.
- Increasing the number of refinement steps with SLSQP.

Another idea is to use the fact that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts (like small k values) and focus optimization on those. But without knowing which shifts are most critical, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, the code could evaluate the overlap for several k values and use those as objectives, but again, this is more complex.

In the code, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation over all shifts. So, the code is already minimizing this.

So, I think the key improvements are:

1. Expand the initial guesses to include more diverse functions.
2. Use more aggressive optimization parameters.
3. Increase the number of refinement steps.

So, modifying the previous code accordingly.

Another change could be to use different initial guesses, such as waveforms with different frequencies, or combinations of waveforms.

For example, generating waveforms with varying frequencies and different duty cycles. For example, adding functions with different frequencies to the guess list.

But the previous code uses frequencies 3,4,5, etc. Perhaps adding more frequencies or varying the amplitudes.

Another possible addition is to generate functions based on random selection of intervals. For example, choosing random positions to place the 1s, ensuring the sum is correct.

Thus, the revised code would include:

- More types of waveforms or guesses.
- More aggressive optimization with differential evolution.
- More refinement steps with SLSQP.

In the code, the part where guesses are generated could be modified to include more functions, such as square waves or other patterns.

For example, adding:

def gen_square(f, d):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) < d, 0, 1)

Which generates a square wave with duty cycle d.

Including this function would add more diversity to the initial guesses.

Additionally, the code could generate more guesses with different parameters.

So, the final code would include these changes, along with other optimizations.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * f * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * d / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * d, 0, 1)

    def gen_tri(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * d, 0, 1)

    def gen_square(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) < d + 1e-10, 0, 1)

    def gen_random():
        vec = np.random.rand(n_points)
        vec = (vec * 2 * target_sum / np.sum(vec)).clip(0, 1)
        return vec

    guesses = [h]
    for f in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(f, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(f, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(f, 0.5))
    for d in [0.15, 0.25, 0.35, 0.45]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(5, d))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(5, d))
        guesses.append(gen_square(5, d))
    guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```