<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and I'm aiming for something lower than 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution optimization, starting from an initial guess. The challenge is to come up with a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap is calculated as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for various shifts k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses multiple initial guesses, like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to refine them. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about alternative strategies.

One idea is to use a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses. Maybe instead of random or simple waveforms, use patterns that are known to be good for minimizing overlap. For example, perhaps a piecewise constant function with specific intervals that balance the overlap.

Another thought is to consider the problem as an optimization with a more structured objective. The overlap integral can be seen as a convolution. So the max over k of the convolution of h and 1-h. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can use some symmetry or periodicity in the function h.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization could be more effective in exploring the search space. However, the previous code already uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and DE. Maybe combining different optimization techniques could help. For instance, using DE to find a good starting point and then refining with SLSQP. Or using a different initial guess strategy.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a filter with minimal maximum overlap. Maybe using some known results from signal processing or optimization theory could help. But since I don't have access to those, I need to think of heuristic approaches.

The initial guess is based on the initial_h_values provided. Maybe the current approach is getting stuck in local minima. To avoid that, generating more diverse initial guesses is important. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. But perhaps we can find other patterns that might perform better.

What if we consider functions with more complex structures? For example, combinations of different pulses or overlapping regions. But how to generate those algorithmically?

Alternatively, maybe using a thresholded Fourier series. Since the problem involves convolutions, the Fourier transform could be useful. The overlap integral is related to the Fourier coefficients. Maybe designing h such that its Fourier transform is minimized in some way.

But this might be complex to implement. Let me think of practical steps. Let's consider that the function h is piecewise constant. So, the optimization variables are the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1 or 0. But with the integral constraint.

But with 45 points, maybe it's manageable. However, the previous code uses a grid of 45 points and optimizes the values directly. Maybe using a different optimization method for this grid-based approach. For example, using gradient descent with a learning rate that adapts, or a Bayesian optimization approach.

Wait, the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and then refines them. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters more could help. For example, trying different duty cycles, frequencies, or combinations.

Another idea: the maximum overlap is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). To minimize this maximum, the function h should be such that for any shift k, the overlapping area is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem where the function h doesn't overlap much with its shifted versions.

Perhaps using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that avoids overlapping when shifted. For example, if h is a sequence of 1s and 0s arranged periodically, but with specific spacing.

But how to translate this into a step function over [0,2]? Maybe dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 and then 0, arranged to minimize overlapping when shifted.

Another approach is to use a binary optimization, where h is 0 or 1, and then find the best arrangement. But since the function is allowed to be continuous (as a step function), maybe we can approximate it with a binary function.

However, the problem allows h to take values between 0 and 1, so maybe allowing partial overlaps could be beneficial. For instance, having h(x) not exactly 0 or 1 but intermediate values might reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? Perhaps using a probabilistic approach, where h(x) represents the probability of being in a certain state, and the overlap is minimized by ensuring that for any shift, the overlap is as low as possible.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a two-player game: one player tries to choose h to minimize the maximum overlap, while another tries to choose k to maximize it. The optimal h would balance this.

This is similar to a game theory problem, but again, not sure how to apply it directly.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It uses multiple initial guesses and then applies SLSQP and DE. The main issue might be that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading the optimization to get trapped in local optima.

To address this, perhaps generating more initial guesses with different structures. For example, instead of simple pulses and sawtooth waves, using more complex patterns or combining different waveforms. Also, maybe using a coarser grid first and then refining, but with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization techniques. For instance, using a genetic algorithm to generate candidate solutions and then refining with SLSQP. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch could be time-consuming, especially given the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a better optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients but can be effective for certain problems. But the previous code already uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. The overlap is maximized over k. So the objective function is non-smooth, which might make gradient-based methods less effective. Perhaps using a more robust optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap is equivalent to the maximum of a set of functions. If the number of k's considered is not too large, perhaps we can approximate the maximum by considering discrete values of k. However, since the integral is over a continuous variable, this might not be accurate.

But maybe in practice, for the purposes of optimization, it's acceptable to evaluate the maximum over a discrete set of k values. For example, considering shifts of k that are multiples of dx (the grid spacing). This could reduce the computational cost.

In the previous code, the evaluation uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the convolution for all possible shifts. But for optimization, maybe we can consider only the most relevant shifts. However, the current approach already considers all possible shifts, which is correct but computationally intensive.

Another thought: the problem has a symmetry. Since the interval is [0,2], perhaps the optimal function is periodic or symmetric in some way. For example, h(x) = h(2 -x), or h(x) has some repeating pattern. This could reduce the number of variables to optimize.

But how to incorporate symmetry into the optimization? For example, if the function is symmetric around 1, then the variables could be mirrored, reducing the number of parameters.

But given that the initial guess is provided, perhaps it's not necessary. Alternatively, the user can try different symmetric patterns.

Another idea: maybe the optimal function has a specific structure, like multiple blocks of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap. For example, if the function is made of blocks of width w, then shifting by w would result in the same pattern, and the overlap would be minimized. But designing such a function requires finding the optimal block widths and positions.

This seems promising. Let's consider a function h that consists of m blocks of 1s, each of width w, with spacing between them. However, the total integral over [0,2] must be 1. For example, if there are m blocks of width w, then the total area is m*w = 1. The spacing between blocks would be (2 - m*w). But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a sequence of alternating 1s and 0s. For instance, if the function has a period T, with values 1 for a fraction of the period and 0 otherwise. The overlap would depend on the shift. For example, if the function is periodic with period T, then shifting by T would result in the same pattern, so the overlap would be the same. This might help in minimizing the maximum overlap.

But designing such a function requires choosing the right period and duty cycle. For example, if the function is periodic with period T, then the integral over one period is 1, so T must be 2. Wait, the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the average value over the interval is 0.5. So if the function is periodic with period T, then T must divide 2, and the duty cycle (proportion of the period where the function is 1) is 0.5.

But this is just one possible approach. Maybe combining multiple such structures.

Alternatively, using a combination of different block widths and positions. For example, placing blocks of different widths in such a way that shifting them leads to minimal overlap. But this becomes complex.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the "minimum maximum overlap" problem in signal processing. Perhaps there's an optimal solution known for certain cases. For example, in the case of C₅, maybe a specific construction is known.

But given that I have to work with the current setup, perhaps the best approach is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process. For instance, using more diverse initial guesses, or trying different optimization methods.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is used as a starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess than the existing one could help. For example, using a more evenly spaced pattern.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best. Let me think: the initial construction has 45 samples. If I can create a better initial guess, maybe with more optimal patterns, that would help.

But the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I should not modify it. So the code should use that initial guess as a starting point.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, and the code should use it directly. So the previous code starts with that initial guess, and then applies other guesses. Maybe the initial guess is not the best, but the code could try to refine it further.

Perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial guess. For example, using a more efficient optimizer, or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones.

Another idea: increase the number of iterations or adjust the convergence criteria. For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP method is called with options like maxiter=150 and ftol=1e-10. Maybe increasing these parameters could lead to better convergence, but that would consume more time.

Alternatively, using a different method altogether. For example, using a combination of Nelder-Mead and SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by generating more diverse initial guesses and using a more robust optimization method.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include various waveforms and random guesses. Maybe adding more types of waveforms or varying the parameters could help. For example, adding more duty cycles, different frequencies, or combining different patterns.

Another thought: the evaluation function uses the full convolution, which might be time-consuming. However, the previous code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient for large arrays. Perhaps this is acceptable.

Alternatively, the code could precompute the required shifts for the correlation. For example, instead of computing the full convolution for all possible shifts, but given the problem constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. Since the maximum is over all k, perhaps for the optimization, we can limit the evaluation to a subset of k values. However, this might not be accurate.

In the previous code, the DE and SLSQP optimizations are applied with multiple iterations. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or using a different population size could find better solutions, but the time budget is tight.

Considering that the previous code's best result is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876, the margin is small. So even a small improvement could be significant. One way to achieve this is by finding a function h that is more evenly spread out, reducing the overlap when shifted.

For example, if h(x) is a higher frequency function with more evenly spaced 1s and 0s, this might lead to lower overlap. But how to construct such a function algorithmically?

Perhaps using a sinusoidal pattern with specific frequency and phase to spread out the 1s and 0s. For instance, a sine wave that is thresholded. However, the previous code already includes such functions as pulses and sawtooth waves.

Alternatively, using a combination of different waveforms. For instance, a function that is a superposition of multiple sine waves with different frequencies and phases. But this might complicate the optimization.

Another approach is to consider that the minimum maximum overlap is achieved when the function h is designed to have a balanced overlap with all its shifts. This could be achieved by making h as uniformly distributed as possible over [0,2].

In that case, perhaps h(x) is designed to be a step function with intervals that are evenly spaced. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments, each of which is 1 or 0, arranged such that the sum is 1.

But how to distribute the 1s and 0s to minimize overlap? The key is to arrange them so that shifting the function by any amount doesn't create large overlaps.

Wait, if h is a step function that is 1 in intervals of length w, and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap with a shift of s would depend on how these intervals overlap with their shifted counterparts.

For example, if the intervals are placed in such a way that the shifts would cause minimal overlap. Perhaps arranging them in a way that the shifts are such that the overlapping regions are minimized.

This is similar to the problem of placing non-overlapping intervals. But since the function has to integrate to 1, the total length of the intervals is 1. So if the interval is divided into m segments, each of width w = 1/m. But then the spacing between segments would be (2 - 1)/m = (1)/m.

But this might not be optimal. For example, if m is small, there is more spacing, leading to lower overlap. However, the choice of m and how the segments are arranged is critical.

But how to translate this into code? For example, generating a step function with m blocks of 1s, spaced to minimize overlap. This could be done algorithmically by placing the blocks as evenly as possible.

However, the previous code uses 45 points, so perhaps using a different number of blocks would be better. But the challenge is to balance between the number of blocks and the spacing.

Given that the code has a fixed n_points (45), perhaps the optimal approach is to distribute the 1s as evenly as possible across the interval. For example, placing the 1s at regular intervals, ensuring that their shifts do not overlap much.

But how to implement this. Maybe generating a step function where the values are 1 in certain intervals, and 0 elsewhere, arranged to maximize spacing between them. However, since the integral is fixed at 1, the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1. So if there are m intervals, each of length 1/m, spread out over the 2-unit interval.

For example, if m=5, each interval is 0.2 units long, spaced as evenly as possible. This would create a pattern where the 1s are as spread out as possible, minimizing overlap when shifted.

This might be a better initial guess than the current one. So, in the code, perhaps generating such a pattern as an initial guess.

But how to generate this pattern algorithmically. For example, using a regular spacing between the blocks. For a given m, the positions of the blocks can be calculated.

However, since the code has a fixed n_points, perhaps generating a function that approximates this regular spacing.

But since the code is already using the initial_h_values, which may not be such a pattern, perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. But the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, so I can't modify that.

Alternatively, maybe the previous approach of generating multiple initial guesses using different waveforms is still valid, but needs to be refined. For example, adding more types of waveforms or varying the parameters.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=150. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method like COBYLA could yield better results. However, the time budget is strict, so any increase in computation time must be balanced against the potential improvement.

Alternatively, using a Gaussian process for Bayesian optimization could be effective, but implementing that in the code may be complex.

Considering all this, the previous code seems to have a solid approach, but there's room for improvement. One possible way is to refine the initial guesses and optimization steps.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, generate guesses that are more structured but still diverse. For example, creating functions that are combinations of different waveforms or patterns.

For instance, for a given frequency, create a waveform that has both 1s and 0s arranged in a specific pattern. For example, a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase, thresholded to create a step-like function.

But how to implement this in code. Maybe using the gen_pulses, gen_saw, and gen_triangle functions but with different parameters and combinations.

Alternatively, generating a function that is the sum of multiple such patterns. However, this could complicate the function and lead to overfitting.

In the previous code, the SLSQP optimization has a ftol of 1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe reducing this could allow for faster convergence, but it's unclear if that would help the optimization.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the maximum overlap for the initial guesses more efficiently. For example, using vectorized operations to compute the overlap quickly, which the previous code already does with numpy.correlate.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the previous methodology but adjust the parameters to enable more thorough exploration. For instance, increasing the number of initial guesses or the number of DE iterations.

Alternatively, simplifying the code by focusing on a subset of the initial guesses that are more promising. For example, using more sawtooth or triangle waves with different duty cycles.

But without access to the specific initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the code's current approach with initial_h_values and the other guesses seems reasonable.

Another possible change is to use a different starting point. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values as the first guess, start with a different function. But the user says that initial_h_values is provided and should be used directly.

Therefore, the plan is to enhance the existing code by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses, including different waveforms and parameters.
2. Adjusting the optimization parameters to allow more iterations where possible.
3. Using more refined optimization steps, like multiple SLSQP refinements after DE.

In code terms, the previous code uses multiple guesses, applies SLSQP to each, then uses DE, then refines. This seems thorough, but maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or adding more initial guesses could help.

For example, increasing the number of DE iterations from 60 to 80, or adding more types of guesses like more frequencies for pulses or sawtooth waves.

Additionally, the code could consider applying some post-processing steps, like smoothing the function to make it more regular, which might help in reducing overlap.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and then perturb it with small noise to create new initial guesses, which can be optimized. This could help in escaping local minima.

But all of these require careful implementation within the time budget.

Considering all the above, the revised code would need to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses, such as additional pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with varied parameters.
- Use SLSQP and DE with adjusted parameters to explore the search space thoroughly.
- Refine the best solution with multiple SLSQP iterations.

So, the code will follow the existing structure but with some modifications to increase the diversity of initial guesses and adjust optimization parameters for better convergence.

Now, translating this into code. The main changes would be:

1. Adding more initial guesses, like additional pulse frequencies or different duty cycles for sawtooth and triangle waves.
2. Increasing the number of DE iterations or population size.
3. Possibly adding more refinement steps.

But given the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. So, it's possible to generate more initial guesses without too much overhead.

Let me write the code accordingly.

The existing code has a loop that adds guesses from pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random functions. To increase diversity, perhaps adding more pulse frequencies and sawtooth/triangle duty cycles.

Also, in the DE step, increasing the number of iterations or population size could help, but without increasing the time too much. The previous code has 60 iterations with population size 60. Maybe increasing the population size slightly.

Another adjustment could be to reduce the number of random guesses and focus on more structured ones.

In the refinement stage, increasing the number of SLSQP iterations could help improve the solution further.

Now, let's structure the code accordingly. The key is to ensure that the code is concise and fits within the 300-line limit.

The final code should use the initial_h_values, generate diverse guesses, apply DE and SLSQP, and refine the best solution. It should also respect the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=60,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```