<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses an initial guess and then applies some optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me think about what the problem requires. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by any k. The overlap is computed as the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx. So, for any shift k, the maximum of this integral over all k is what we're trying to minimize.

The previous code uses some initial guesses based on pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves, along with random guesses. Then it runs SLSQP and differential evolution on these guesses. But maybe I can come up with a different approach.

One idea is to use a more structured initial guess. Maybe a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if the function h is constructed in a way that its shifts don't overlap too much. Another thought is to use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps with gradient-based approaches or using a different algorithm like genetic algorithms, but since time is limited, maybe the existing methods are better.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. Maybe I can adjust the parameters or try different starting points. Alternatively, could I use a different initial guess that's more tailored for this problem?

Another angle: the problem is similar to finding a function that is "spread out" so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is akin to designing a signature that has minimal autocorrelation, which is a common problem in signal processing. Maybe techniques used in designing such signals could be helpful.

In signal processing, the ideal scenario is a function with low autocorrelation, which would mean that the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k is minimized. But here, the function h has to integrate to 1 over [0,2], so it's constrained.

Perhaps using a randomized approach with more sophisticated initialization. The previous code uses a few generated pulses and sawtooth/triangle waves as initial guesses. Maybe adding more varied initial guesses or using a different kind of function, like a combination of different waveforms or a more complex pattern.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap over all k, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of the integral over k is a non-convex constraint, so it's difficult. But perhaps using some approximation or reformulation.

Alternatively, consider discretizing the problem and using numerical optimization methods. The current code uses SLSQP with constraints, which might be effective. But maybe using a different solver or adjusting the parameters could yield better results.

Another idea: the current code includes random guesses. Maybe instead of a random guess, use a deterministic pattern that's more likely to be good. For instance, using a function that has equal weights in different segments, like a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several segments and assigning h(x) to be 1 in some segments and 0 in others, but ensuring the integral is 1.

Wait, the function h must be a step function, but the code uses a discretized version. However, the problem allows h to be any step function, not necessarily with specific intervals. But in the code, the function is represented as n_points samples.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that's periodic with certain properties. For example, if the function has a certain symmetry or repeats a pattern that minimizes overlap when shifted.

Another idea: use a genetic algorithm approach. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar to genetic algorithms. But maybe adjusting the population size, mutation rates, or other parameters can lead to better results.

Wait, the current code uses a random initial guess, and then a few generated waveforms. Maybe trying a more systematic exploration of the parameter space. For example, varying the frequencies and duty cycles of pulses and other waveforms to generate a wider range of initial guesses.

Another thing to consider is the computational time. The previous code allows for 100 seconds, but with multiple optimization steps. The code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, which can be time-consuming. To optimize, maybe reduce the number of iterations or focus on the most promising candidates.

Alternatively, use a different optimization approach. For example, using a gradient descent method with a more efficient way to approximate the gradient of the objective function. However, since the objective is the maximum over k of the integral, which is non-differentiable, this could be challenging.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. The correlation is computed as the convolution of h with (1-h). So, the maximum value of this convolution over all possible shifts. To minimize this maximum value.

Perhaps the key is to structure h in such a way that the convolution with (1-h) is as small as possible. This resembles the concept of a "good" sequence in coding theory, where the autocorrelation is minimized. For example, a Barker code has very low autocorrelation, but here it's a different setup.

Another thought: considering that the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx over x can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - (integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx). Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, the problem reduces to finding a function h that maximizes the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. This might be a helpful perspective for optimization.

But how to use this? Maybe the objective is to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. However, the exact form might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps focus on the correlation. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx is the cross-correlation at lag k. So, the problem is to find h that maximizes the minimum of this cross-correlation over all k.

But again, how to optimize that. Maybe using a more efficient way to compute the maximum over all k. But for the code, it's already handled by the np.correlate function.

Another approach: maybe using a training set of different functions and evaluating their performance. For example, generating a few different types of functions and choosing the best one. But this would require a lot of computational resources.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient initial guess. For example, the initial H_values provided in the code is a known starting point. Maybe improving upon that by adjusting the positions of the steps to reduce the maximum overlap.

Wait, the previous code's initial H_values is given as a global variable. The user mentioned that we can start from this initial construction. So maybe modifying that initial guess through optimization could yield better results.

Another idea: use a coordinate descent approach. For each point in the function h, adjust its value to minimize the overlap. However, since this is a non-convex problem, this might not converge to the global minimum.

Alternatively, maybe use a local search with simulated annealing. But simulating annealing might be too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, considering that the problem has a symmetrical nature, perhaps using a function with symmetrical properties. For example, a function that is the same in certain intervals, which might lead to lower overlap when shifted.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h is a union of intervals where h(x) is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere. For example, if h is a simple step function with multiple intervals. Let's consider that. Suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m intervals, each of length delta. Then, set h(x) = 1 on some of the intervals and 0 on others. The total measure must be 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. The problem then becomes choosing positions of these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model this? For example, if there are m intervals, the total length of each interval is delta = 2/m. But this is just a rough idea. The actual optimal function might have more intervals. But trying to model this could be a way to generate a structured initial guess.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal function could be similar to a periodic function. For example, if the function is constructed in a way that repeats every certain interval. For instance, if the function is periodic with period T, then shifting it by multiples of T would lead to the same overlap. However, since the integral is 1 over [0,2], the period would need to be adjusted accordingly.

Another approach is to use a continuous function and then discretize it. For example, a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a function that is 1 in three non-overlapping regions, each of width 1/3. But this could lead to lower overlap when shifted by certain amounts. But how to find such a configuration?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of the integral. The maximum overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For each k, this integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x +k) is 0. The integral can be viewed as the area of overlap between h and the shifted function 1 - h.

To minimize this, the function h should be designed so that when shifted, the maximum area of overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible to avoid overlapping with itself when shifted.

Perhaps using a function that has a certain randomness in its pulses. For example, placing the 1s in the function in a way that avoids clustering. This is similar to a randomized approach.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints and bounds. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the parameters could help, but within the time budget. However, the code already includes multiple refinement steps.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses with different structures and then select the best one. For example, generate a few different waveforms, random guesses, and combinations, then run optimization on all of them.

Alternatively, precompute a set of promising candidate functions and run the optimization on them. The current code includes some of these, but maybe adding more could be beneficial.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with different solvers, such as the SLSQP, COBYLA, or Nelder-Mead methods. However, the previous code already uses SLSQP.

Wait, the code uses the differential evolution method, which is a global optimization technique. Maybe tweaking parameters like the population size, mutation rate, or crossover probability could yield better results. For instance, increasing the population size might allow for better exploration of the search space, but it also uses more computation time.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach of differential evolution followed by local optimization with SLSQP, which the current code does.

Another possibility is to use a more aggressive refinement step. For example, instead of 10 refinements, doing more iterations if time allows. However, the code already includes a loop that runs 10 times, each with a refinement step.

Another consideration is the number of points. The initial code uses n=45 points, but maybe using a higher number of points could allow for better optimization. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So using n=45 might be the optimal balance between resolution and speed.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values is for n=45. The user's previous program achieved C₅ ≈ 0.381142, which is higher than the target. The goal is to get lower than 0.380876. So perhaps modifying the initial_h_values or generating better initial guesses could help.

Maybe the initial_h_values can be modified by adjusting some of the steps. For example, adding more steps in certain regions where the overlap is high, or redistributing the steps to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. Suppose the initial guess is a wave with pulse-like features. If we can modify that pattern to distribute the 1s more evenly across the interval, that might reduce the maximum overlap.

Another idea: split the interval [0, 2] into two parts. For example, have h(x) be 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, ensuring the integral is 1. For instance, if h(x) is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting it would result in less overlap. For example, if the function has multiple small intervals where it's 1, spread out across [0,2], then shifting might not align these intervals, leading to lower overlap.

To implement this, the code could generate a function that has multiple small intervals of 1s, arranged such that their positions are as spread out as possible. For example, placing the intervals at regular intervals but adjusting their widths.

But how to model this in the code? Perhaps generating initial guesses by dividing the interval into m segments and setting the h(x) to 1 on certain segments. For example, if there are m segments, each of length 2/m. If we set k segments to 1, then the sum would be k*(2/m) = 1 → k = m/2. So for even m, this is possible.

For example, if m=45, then k=22.5, which is not possible. So m would need to be even? Or maybe adjust the number of intervals accordingly.

But the problem is to create a step function with n_points samples. So, the code could generate a function that has a certain number of intervals where h(x) is 1 and others where it's 0, arranged to distribute the 1s evenly.

But how to generate such a pattern? For instance, using a regular spacing between the 1s. For example, if you have m intervals, each of length 2/(n_points), but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, for the initial_h_values, perhaps the code can create a more evenly spaced version. For example, the initial_h_values might have clusters of 1s, which could be spread out by adjusting their positions.

But without knowing the exact pattern of the initial_h_values, it's hard to modify it. However, the user says that the code can use the initial_h_values directly, so maybe it's better to start from that and optimize.

So, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. The code then applies several optimization steps. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, and a better initial guess could lead to better results.

Maybe generating different initial guesses with more random variations. For example, instead of a few waveforms, create multiple different initial guesses using different methods, and then run the optimization on them.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses, but maybe adding more guesses, like different waveforms with varying parameters, could help. For instance, adding more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, consider using a more sophisticated initial guess that's based on the known lower bound. For example, if the optimal function is known to have certain properties, create an initial guess that approximates those properties.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function with minimal maximum correlation, which is related to the concept of a "perfect" code in coding theory. Perhaps using known techniques from that field could help.

In terms of code adjustments, the current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations or the tolerance could lead to better results. Also, the differential evolution part has a certain number of iterations, which might be adjustable.

Another possible optimization: the code uses the same n_points as the initial_h_values (45). Maybe testing with different n_points could yield better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. So perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is better.

In summary, here are some possible improvements:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, vary the frequencies and duty cycles of the generated waveforms, or add new types of waveforms.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (e.g., increase the number of iterations, change the solver parameters).
3. Use a different initial guess (like a more evenly spread function) and optimize from there.
4. Explore using a different optimization approach, such as a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, with more refined steps.
5. Consider the problem's symmetry and structure to design a more efficient initial guess.

Let me think about implementing one of these. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters. For example, adding more pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. This could help in exploring a larger part of the search space.

Also, in the current code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 13 and duty cycles of 0.2, 0.3, etc. Maybe increasing the range of frequencies or adding more duty cycles.

Another idea is to use a random initialization. Instead of the initial_h_values, start with a completely randomized function and then optimize it. This could avoid local optima that are present in the initial guess.

But how to balance between the initial guesses and randomness. Maybe combining the initial_h_values with random guesses.

Additionally, the code uses a differential evolution step followed by refinement with SLSQP. Perhaps running differential evolution with a larger population size or more iterations could improve the results.

Another thing is that the code uses a fixed number of refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but that would take more time. However, if the code has remaining time, it might be worth doing.

Putting this together, here's an outline of the changes I could make:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more waveforms with varying parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
- Use a different solver or adjust the solver settings for better convergence.
- Randomize the initial guesses more to avoid local minima.
- Consider using a different initial guess, such as a more evenly distributed function.

But since the user wants a code block, I need to translate these ideas into code. The code should be concise and fit the constraints.

So, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, but also generate more initial guesses.
2. Add more generated waveforms, such as with different frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Use a random initial guess for better exploration.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization steps, like increasing the number of iteration steps or changing the tolerance.
5. Apply differential evolution with a larger population and more iterations.
6. Perform multiple refinement steps with SLSQP.
7. Keep n_points at 45 to maintain speed.

In code, this would involve expanding the list of guesses, possibly adding more functions and parameters. Also, tweaking the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.

Another possible improvement is to use a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a grid search for certain parameters, but that might be computationally expensive.

In the code, the current approach generates guesses with pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random functions. To expand this, maybe include more types of waveforms or vary the parameters more.

Additionally, the code has a 'refine' step that runs multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but again, within the time budget.

Considering all these, here's how I would modify the previous code:

- Generate more initial guesses by varying the parameters of the generated waveforms.
- Increase the number of random guesses.
- Adjust the differential evolution parameters for better exploration.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

I'll also make sure the code is compact, as per the constraints. The code should not have long numeric literals, and use numpy functions to generate the initial guesses.

In the code, the guesses list is built by appending different waveforms. Expanding that list with more examples would be helpful.

For example, adding more pulse frequencies, varying the duty cycles, or adding more types of functions.

Another idea is to use a sine wave with varying frequencies and phases, but that might be more complex.

Alternatively, use a combination of waveforms. But to keep the code concise, I'll stick to the existing functions but expand their parameters.

So, the updated code would have a more extensive list of guesses, including different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, adjusting the parameters in the differential evolution step, such as increasing the population size and maxiter.

But since the code is already using 60 for popsize and 60 for maxiter in the differential evolution step, perhaps increasing these could help, but with limited time.

Another thing is the time budget. The code has a check to break if time is running out. So, in the differential evolution loop, it breaks early if the budget is nearly used up. This might be a way to save time.

In conclusion, the code needs to be adjusted to expand the initial guesses and possibly tune the optimization parameters for better results.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 19):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```