<think>
Okay, let's try to understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The task involves finding a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h and 1-h when shifted by different amounts. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, and h is a step function represented by samples.

The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization techniques like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. The current best C₅ is around 0.38085, and we need to try to get even lower. The challenge is to find a better approach than the previous one.

First, I need to think about possible improvements. The previous approach tried various pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions as initial guesses, then optimized them. However, maybe there's a way to get a better starting point or use a different optimization strategy.

One idea is to use a more structured starting point. For example, maybe using a more optimal initial configuration rather than random ones. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to perturb or improve it further.

Another thought is about the optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. But maybe using a different method like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization could be more effective, especially if we can limit the number of iterations within the time budget.

Wait, the problem says that the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code used differential evolution with a certain number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution or using other global optimization techniques could find better solutions faster.

Another angle: the overlap integral is evaluated using the maximum of the correlation. To minimize the maximum, we need to balance the function h so that when it's shifted, the overlap is minimized. Perhaps combining multiple periodic functions or using a more complex structure could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a mathematical approach to design h. For example, think about the problem as a covering problem or an optimization with constraints. But since the problem is about minimizing the maximum integral, it's a bit like a game where we try to make h and 1-h as non-overlapping as possible when shifted.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (initial_h_values has n=45). Maybe trying different numbers of samples could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so perhaps working with 45 is acceptable, but maybe trying a different n could help. However, since the initial code uses n=45, maybe sticking with that is better for speed.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values has 45 samples. The user's problem says to prefer sequences with less than 1k samples, but 45 is well under that. So maybe keeping that n is fine.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution to find a candidate, then use SLSQP or COBYLA to refine it further. The previous code did some of this, but perhaps adjusting the parameters or the order of optimization could improve things.

Also, the previous code's differential evolution uses a popsize of 50 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing the popsize or maxiter could lead to better exploration, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, need to balance between computation and iterations.

Another thought: the previous code uses a lot of different initial guesses. Maybe focusing on a couple of promising structures, like more optimal waveforms, could be better. For example, instead of using random guesses, maybe generate more structured initial guesses like shifted versions of the initial_h_values or combinations of different waveforms.

Also, the current code's obj function calculates the max of the correlation. But perhaps there's a way to optimize this more efficiently. For example, precomputing all possible shifts, but given the constraints, that might not be feasible.

Another approach: since the integral is over the interval [0,2], and h is a step function, the overlap for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This can be thought of as the area where h and 1-h overlap when shifted. To minimize the maximum of these areas, we need h to be as non-overlapping with its shifted versions as possible.

Perhaps using a more symmetric or periodic structure could help. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, the function must integrate to 1 over [0,2], so balancing the on and off periods.

Alternatively, using a function composed of multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, but arranged to avoid overlaps when shifted. For instance, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, then shifting the function could cause overlaps only in specific regions.

But designing such a function manually is challenging. So perhaps the optimization approach is still the way to go.

Another thing to consider is the constraints. The integral of h over [0,2] is fixed. So the total "mass" of h is 1. When we shift h by k, the overlap integral depends on how much of h(x) is overlapping with 1-h(x+k). To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, the function should be spread out so that when shifted, the regions where h is 1 don't overlap with regions where 1-h is 1 (which is where h is 0).

So maybe a function that is 1 on intervals separated by large gaps, so shifting it by some amount doesn't cause overlapping. But since the integral is fixed, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2] which has length 2. So the average value is 0.5). Wait, the integral is 1, so the average is 1/(2) = 0.5. So the function is on average 0.5, but it can have regions where it's 1 and others where it's 0. The challenge is to arrange these regions so that shifts do not cause overlaps.

Alternatively, think about it as a covering problem: the function h should be such that when shifted, the overlap between h and the complement (1-h) is minimized.

Now, the previous code tried various waveforms as initial guesses. Maybe generating initial guesses using more structured patterns, like multiple pulses or sawtooth waves with specific parameters, could lead to better results. For example, trying to create a function that has multiple on/off intervals arranged optimally.

Another idea: Since the previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA for local optimization, perhaps combining these with a global optimization method that's more efficient, like simulated annealing, but with limited time. However, implementing simulated annealing from scratch might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, adjusting the parameters in the existing optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, but the time budget is tight. The previous code used 50 iterations with popsize 50. Maybe increasing the popsize could help, but the time per iteration might be higher.

Another possible improvement: the previous code's initial guesses included pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on different frequencies or duty cycles. For example, trying different combinations that might lead to better overlaps.

Also, the current code uses a random initial guess. Maybe using the initial_h_values as a starting point and modifying it through some perturbations could be better. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and then applying small random changes to see if that leads to better results.

Another thought: since the overlapping integral is evaluated as the maximum over shifts, maybe focusing on the worst-case shifts and trying to minimize those. But how to do that? It's challenging because the maximum is over all possible shifts.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over shifts is related to the convolution of the function with its complement. The maximum of the convolution might be minimized by certain functions.

But without knowing the exact mathematical properties, the optimization approach is still the way to go.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation, which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral is over the entire [0,2] interval. For shifts beyond certain ranges, the integral might be zero. But the actual maximum occurs for shifts within a specific range. Maybe we can bound the shifts to consider only those that result in non-zero integral. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Another idea: the function h is periodic? Not necessarily. But since the domain is [0,2], and the shifts can be any real number, but the integral is calculated over the overlapping regions. So for shifts larger than 2, the integral might be zero. So the maximum shift that needs to be considered is 2. But in the current code, the correlation is computed over all shifts, but the integral for shifts beyond 2 might be zero. However, the code uses the maximum of the correlation, which includes all possible shifts. But perhaps the maximum occurs within a certain range, so maybe focusing on that could help, but I'm not sure.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient enough.

Now, considering the previous code's performance, the current best is 0.38085. The target is to get even lower. How can we improve this?

One possible approach is to use a different starting point. The initial_h_values may not be optimal. For example, if we generate a better initial guess by using a more optimal waveform, such as a regular pattern of pulses or a more complex structure.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (like pulses, sawtooths, etc.), but maybe generating more structured or hybrid initial guesses could lead to better results.

Another idea is to use a combination of features. For example, combining a pulse with some randomness or another waveform. But generating such guesses manually may be time-consuming.

Another approach: using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the Simultaneous Perturbation Stochastic Approximation (SPSA) or other derivative-free optimization methods. But implementing those from scratch would require significant code, and within the time constraints, perhaps the existing methods are better.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, followed by local optimization with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, but the time budget is tight. The previous code's differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a popsize of 50. Maybe that's sufficient, but perhaps adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could help.

Another idea is to use a different constraint handling method. The current code uses an equality constraint that the sum of h is fixed. Maybe adding inequality constraints or using a penalty method could help, but that's what the SLSQP method already does.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n=45), but maybe trying a different n could yield better results. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so trying with n=45 is acceptable. Trying with a higher n might take longer and use more resources, but within the time budget, maybe it's possible.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values has a structure that can be further optimized. For example, adjusting the positions of the 1s and 0s to minimize overlaps when shifted.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is sensitive to shifts, we can sample the function in a way that the support of h is spread out as much as possible. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart to avoid overlapping when shifted. However, ensuring that the integral is 1 complicates this.

Perhaps using a gridded approach where the function h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others. For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l, then the total length is m*l = 1 (since integral is 1 over [0,2], which is length 2, so average is 0.5). Wait, no, the integral of h is 1. So if the function is piecewise constant with value 1 on certain intervals, then the sum of the lengths of those intervals multiplied by 1 equals 1. So total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1. So the remaining 1 unit of length is where h is 0.

If these intervals are spaced apart, then shifting h by a certain amount might cause overlaps between the 1s and 0s of h. But how to arrange them to minimize the overlap?

This sounds like a covering problem where the intervals are arranged so that shifting them doesn't cause overlapping with other intervals. However, the optimal arrangement might not be straightforward.

Another approach: using a Fourier series to represent h. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which could relate to the L1 or L∞ norms. But this might be too abstract to implement in code.

Alternatively, since the previous code uses numerical optimization, perhaps the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization steps. The previous code's initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but maybe we can generate better initial guesses.

For example, the initial_h_values may be a sequence generated by some pattern. If we can find a better pattern, that could lead to a better starting point. However, since the initial_h_values are provided as a global variable, we can't modify it. So we need to work with it as the starting point.

Wait, but the user says that the initial_h_values is available, and we should use it directly. So the previous code starts with that, then generates other guesses. Maybe the best way to improve is to refine the initial_h_values more.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perform a more extensive local optimization around it. Since the initial_h_values might be a good candidate, but the local optimization may get stuck, maybe using a different optimization method like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization could help.

Alternatively, trying to use a different local optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, COBYLA, and differential evolution. Maybe using a different method like Nelder-Mead or others could help.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the full correlation, and then takes the max of the result. Perhaps there's a way to vectorize or precompute these values more efficiently, but the current approach is already quite efficient.

Now, thinking about possible changes to the existing code. The current code uses a variety of generators (pulse, sawtooth, triangle) and random guesses. Maybe reducing the number of initial guesses could save time, allowing more iterations in the optimization steps.

For example, the current code generates several guesses. But if we focus on a fewer number of structured initial guesses, it might save time and allow more refinement steps.

Another possible improvement: the previous code's refine step uses COBYLA for local optimization. Maybe using a different local optimization method or adjusting parameters could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a more advanced optimization library. The user allows the use of scipy's optimize, which includes several methods. Maybe using the 'L-BFGS-B' method for local optimization, which is efficient for bound-constrained problems.

Another idea: the previous code uses a global optimization (differential evolution) to find a candidate solution, then refines it with SLSQP and COBYLA. However, maybe the differential evolution step could be improved by using more sophisticated parameters. For example, adjusting the mutation and recombination strategies.

But how to implement that within the existing code?

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, instead of generating random pulses, maybe generating a function that's a sine wave with certain parameters. However, the previous code already includes pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves.

Perhaps the most significant improvement is to enhance the initial guesses. For example, generating more structured initial guesses that are based on known optimal or near-optimal solutions for similar problems. However, without prior knowledge, it's challenging to create such guesses.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, we can model it as a minimax problem. This could be approached with specific algorithms, but in practice, numerical optimization is still the way to go.

Now, considering the code structure, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the primary starting point and only refine it with local optimization, instead of generating many random guesses. This could save time and focus the optimization on the best candidate.

2. Increase the number of iterations or use more efficient parameters in the differential evolution and local optimization steps.

3. Replace some of the initial guess generators with more promising structures. For example, instead of random guesses, generate a set of structured guesses like periodic patterns or shifted versions of the initial guess.

4. Use a more efficient optimization method for the local steps. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method which is known for efficiency in constrained problems.

5. Adjust the hyperparameters of the optimization methods to find a better balance between exploration and exploitation.

Additionally, monitoring the time budget is crucial. The previous code has a stop condition based on elapsed time, so we need to ensure that the code does not exceed the 100-second limit.

Putting all these thoughts together, the revised approach might involve starting with the initial_h_values, performing a global optimization step with differential evolution, then refining it with a combination of local optimization methods, and possibly using more efficient parameters.

Another possible change: precompute the correlation for the initial_h_values and see if it's already close to the target. If not, proceed with the optimization.

In code, this could mean:

- Starting with the initial_h_values
- Performing a global search (differential evolution) to find better candidates
- Refining each candidate with local optimization

Also, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with a variety of functions. Perhaps generating fewer initial guesses but with more careful selection could help. For example, generating a few pulse and sawtooth functions with varying parameters and using them as initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using the same initial guesses multiple times, vary the parameters of the generators. For example, for pulse functions, try different frequencies and duty cycles.

But in any case, the code needs to be concise and efficient.

Now, thinking about the code structure, here's a possible plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the base
- Generate a few more structured initial guesses (like shifted versions of initial_h_values or different waveforms)
- Perform a global optimization (differential evolution) with these guesses
- Refine the best candidate with local optimization methods (SLSQP and COBYLA)
- Monitor time and stop when the budget is near the end.

Also, adjusting the number of iterations and parameters in the optimization steps to balance between exploration and exploitation.

In the existing code, the initial guesses are varied, and then differential evolution is used with 50 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but the time budget may not allow that. Alternatively, using a more efficient differential evolution setup.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a function to generate random guesses. Perhaps eliminating random guesses and focusing on structured ones could lead to better results.

In summary, the plan is to improve the optimization process by:

1. Starting with a more effective initial guess (initial_h_values).
2. Using a combination of global optimization (differential evolution) and local optimization (SLSQP, COBYLA).
3. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods for better performance.
4. Refining the code to focus on the most promising candidates.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code already uses some of these steps, but with possible improvements. For example, in the current code, the initial guesses include various functions, but maybe reducing the number of initial guesses and focusing on a few could save time.

Another change could be to use a different initial guess for the differential evolution. For example, instead of generating multiple initial guesses, use the initial_h_values as the starting point for differential evolution.

Alternatively, the code could start with the initial_h_values and use that as the initial population for differential evolution.

But the previous code already includes the initial_h_values as one of the guesses. So maybe that's okay.

Another idea: to use the initial_h_values and then apply small perturbations to generate initial guesses for the optimization. However, this would require a custom approach.

In terms of code, perhaps modifying the initial guesses to focus on variations of the initial_h_values and a few structured functions.

In conclusion, the revised code would:
- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate a few structured initial guesses (like different waveforms) and random guesses.
- Perform a global optimization with differential evolution.
- Refine the best candidate with local optimization.
- Monitor the time to ensure it stays within the budget.

Now, considering the code structure, here's how the revised code might look. The key changes would be to focus more on the initial_h_values and adjust the optimization steps to be more efficient.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 2) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 2) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 100})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```