<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for C₅, which is the maximum overlap integral for a step function h. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe we can do better.

First, I need to understand the current approach. The code starts with an initial guess and uses various heuristics like pulse, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random guesses. Then it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. Finally, it refines the solution with COBYLA. The current best is 0.381142, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a slightly better solution.

Hmm. What's the problem here? The previous approach might be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. Also, the optimization methods used might not be the most efficient. Let's think about other approaches.

The problem is a constrained optimization problem where we need to minimize the maximum of the correlations. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1. Since this is a minimax problem, maybe we can model it as a bilevel optimization, but that might be too complex.

Alternative idea: use a genetic algorithm with more sophisticated mutation and crossover strategies. But the previous code already uses differential evolution. Maybe tweak the parameters, like population size, mutation rates, etc.

Another thought: the correlation function for overlapping integrals can be maximized for different shifts. To minimize the maximum, the function h should be designed to avoid having too much overlap with its shifted versions. Maybe using a more structured approach, like a periodic or symmetric function with specific intervals.

Wait, the initial construction is given as initial_h_values. Maybe we can start with that and then apply more effective optimization. Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. Adding more structured initial guesses, like shifted versions of the initial h or combining different waveforms, could help.

Also, the current code uses SLSQP and COBYLA. SLSQP is good for continuous variables with constraints, but maybe for this problem, a different method would work better. Or perhaps combining multiple methods with different parameters.

Another approach is to use a simulated annealing method, which allows for more exploration of the solution space. However, simulated annealing can be slow. But given the time budget, it might be feasible with smart parameter choices.

Wait, the problem mentions using mathematical discovery. Maybe there's a way to model this problem more effectively. For example, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be thought of as the area where h and its shifted version don't overlap. To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions for any k.

Maybe considering h as a function with certain periodic properties. For example, using a piecewise constant function with specific intervals that are spaced in a way to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a ternary approach where the function h takes on values 0, 1/2, or 1 in different intervals, which could help balance the overlaps.

But how to translate this into code? It might be challenging.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guesses include various waveforms and random samples. Maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses, such as combining different waveforms or using more complex patterns. Also, the number of guesses is limited. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help explore the search space better.

Another idea: the problem requires the integral of h to be 1. So, maybe using a more efficient way to generate the initial guesses that satisfy this constraint. For instance, generating functions that have flat regions and varying densities.

Wait, the previous code uses gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and random. Maybe adding more structured initial guesses, like combining multiple pulses or using a more complex waveform.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach where you start with the initial h and then iteratively modify it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, using gradient descent with constraints, but ensuring the integral remains 1.

But gradient descent on the maximum function is tricky because the max function is not differentiable. However, perhaps we can approximate it by using the maximum of the correlations and then compute the gradient with respect to h.

Alternatively, using a quadratic approximation for the max function. But this might not be straightforward.

Another approach is to use a metaheuristic like particle swarm optimization (PSO) which can explore the search space more effectively. But again, PSO might require more computational resources.

Wait, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method. Maybe increasing the population size and adjusting other parameters could help find better solutions. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's better to focus on more efficient optimization steps.

What about using a combination of methods? For example, start with differential evolution to find a good solution, then refine it with SLSQP, and then do some local search steps.

Another thought: the problem's overlap integral depends on the shift k. The maximum over k is the worst-case overlap. To minimize this, the function h should spread out such that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized. So maybe the optimal h is something like a periodic function with specific intervals that are spaced to avoid overlapping when shifted.

But how to model that? Perhaps using a function that has multiple "on" and "off" periods, ensuring that when shifted, the on periods are not aligned with the original.

Alternatively, think of the problem in terms of the function h being a binary step function that is distributed in such a way that its shifted versions have minimal overlap. However, since h is a step function (but not necessarily binary), it's more flexible.

Wait, the function h is a step function (values between 0 and 1), but not necessarily binary. So maybe the optimal h has several segments where it is 1, 0, or somewhere in between.

But how to design such a function? It's challenging without knowing the optimal structure. Maybe using a combination of different intervals.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, shifts that are small, like k=0.5 or similar. So, perhaps designing h to have segments that avoid overlapping with themselves when shifted by small amounts.

Another angle: the overlap integral is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This can be rewritten as integral h(x) dx - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx. But since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum over k of (1 - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral h(x)h(x+k) dx. Thus, C₅ is the maximum of (1 - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx), so minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum integral over k of h(x)h(x+k) dx.

This might provide a different perspective. So, we need to maximize the minimum of the integral of the product of h with its shift. This is a different formulation. Perhaps this can be used to guide the optimization.

But how to leverage this? Maybe the optimization can be viewed as maximizing the minimum of the integral over different shifts. However, this still seems complex.

Maybe the key is to have h(x) such that for all k, the product h(x)h(x+k) is as small as possible. This would require that h(x) and h(x+k) don't both have high values for the same x. So, perhaps structuring h as a function that avoids high overlaps when shifted by any k.

Another idea: using a function that is low in certain regions and high in others spaced out. For example, if h(x) is 1 over intervals and 0 elsewhere, the overlap with a shifted version would depend on the overlap of the intervals. But since the integral of h is 1, the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 0.5 (since area is 1 over [0,2], so integral is 1). So, for example, if h is 1 over [0, 0.5], then shifting by 0.5 would have an overlap of 0.25 (from 0.5 to 0.75), so the integral would be 0.25. But maybe this isn't optimal.

But for a more complex structure, perhaps dividing the interval into multiple regions. For instance, splitting the domain into multiple segments where h is set to 1 in some parts and 0 in others. However, with more segments, it's more flexible but harder to optimize.

But given that the initial guess is a 45-point function, perhaps there's room for improvement by adjusting the segments. For example, the initial h might have certain patterns that can be modified.

Alternatively, looking for known efficient constructions for the Erdős problem. But I'm not sure about known solutions. Maybe the current best is known, and the task is to find a better one.

Another approach: using a convex relaxation. However, the problem is non-convex, so convex relaxation may not be straightforward.

What about using a more efficient optimization algorithm? For instance, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but it's not suitable for the constraints. Alternatively, using a constrained optimization method that can handle the problem better.

Alternatively, incorporating the constraints more effectively. Since the sum(h) must be fixed, maybe using a normalized function during optimization. For example, after each step of the optimization, normalize the h to meet the constraint.

But how to integrate that into the code? The current code uses a constraint that enforces sum(h) = target_sum, so that part is already handled.

Another thought: the code uses SLSQP and COBYLA. These methods can get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a more global method, like differential evolution, but with more population size or better parameters. However, the code already uses differential evolution. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the mutation rates.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good initial point, then using SLSQP to refine it further.

Wait, the previous code already does that. Let me look again. The code starts with initial guesses and uses SLSQP on them. Then uses differential evolution with a population size of 50 and maxiter=50. Then a few refinement steps with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters can help.

But with the time budget, we need to be efficient. Perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses. For instance, the initial guess is given, but maybe generating other initial guesses that are modified versions of it.

Alternatively, consider the following: the current code uses random guesses, but perhaps some of those guesses are not useful. Maybe using more structured guesses based on the initial h.

Another approach: since the overlap integral depends on the shifts, maybe focus on the most critical shifts. For example, the worst-case shift k is around the value that causes the maximum overlap. So, during the optimization, we could prioritize minimizing those specific shifts.

But how to do that? It's part of the problem, as the maximum over k is what's being minimized.

Another idea: use a gradient-based method with respect to the maximum value. For example, for each k, compute the gradient of the overlap integral with respect to h, and then use a method that minimizes the maximum. But this is complex because the maximum is not differentiable.

Alternatively, using the subgradient method. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, using a Monte Carlo approach to sample shifts and optimize for those, but again, not sure.

Maybe the previous approach is already a good path, but some parameters need adjustment. For instance, the number of initial guesses could be increased. The current code has a limited number of guesses, which might not cover the optimal region.

So perhaps generating more initial guesses. For example, using a wider range of frequencies and duties for the pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Or creating more complex initial functions.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of guesses, maybe adding more guesses like combinations of different waveforms or using more complex functions.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed seed. Maybe varying the seed or doing multiple runs with different initializations could help escape local minima. But the run function is called with a seed, so perhaps the code could use multiple seeds, but given the time budget, that's not feasible.

Alternatively, using a better function to generate initial guesses. For example, using a function that more closely approximates the optimal structure.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the overlaps. Maybe the optimal solution has a certain symmetry. For example, the function h could be symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2]. Or perhaps have multiple symmetric segments.

So, generating initial guesses that are symmetric could be beneficial.

But how to implement that? Maybe modifying the functions to be symmetric. For example, the initial h could be symmetric, so during the optimization, we enforce that symmetry as a constraint. However, that would add more complexity.

Alternatively, during the generation of initial guesses, create symmetric versions of the waveforms.

In conclusion, the current code might not be sufficient. To improve the solution, perhaps the following steps:

1. Increase the number and diversity of initial guesses. Instead of a few waveforms and random samples, generate more structured initial guesses that are symmetric or have other useful properties.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For example, in differential evolution, increasing the population size or mutation rate.

3. Use more effective optimization methods. For instance, combining different methods or using a better hill-climbing approach.

4. Refine the solution with more sophisticated local optimization steps.

But given the time constraints, how to implement these ideas efficiently.

Let me think about code changes. For example, replacing the initial guesses with a variety of structured functions, including symmetric ones. Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow for more exploration.

Another idea: use a different method for the initial optimization. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with better mutation operators, or a Bayesian optimization approach.

However, given the time, perhaps the most feasible improvements are:

- Expand the initial guesses to include more structures.

- Use differential evolution with more iterations or better parameters.

- Add more refinement steps.

Let me try to think of how to modify the code.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are generated with various frequencies and duties, but perhaps adding more diversity. For instance, generating more waveforms with different parameters, or creating functions that are combinations of existing ones.

Additionally, during the optimization, using a higher number of generations in differential evolution might help. Also, the current code uses differential evolution with maxiter=50. Maybe increasing that.

Another thought: the previous code uses a coarse grid for the initial h (n=45 points). Maybe using a larger n (like 80 or 100 points) allows for a better approximation. However, the problem states that smaller sequences (under 1k) are preferred, but maybe using n=80 is acceptable.

But the initial_h_values is given with n=45. Maybe the new code can use that and see if increasing the n points improves the result. However, the problem states that smaller n is preferred, so maybe keeping n=45 is better for speed.

Alternatively, using the same n as the initial guess.

Another idea: the previous code uses a few random guesses. Maybe adding more random guesses but with different seeds to avoid getting stuck in local minima.

In code, the guesses are generated with gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_triangle, and gen_rand. Maybe adding more gen_pulse with different frequencies, or more gen_saw with different duties.

In the code, for freq in [3,4,...,10], which is 8 frequencies. Maybe increasing that to 15? Or generating with higher frequencies.

Also, for the gen_rand, the code generates 5 random guesses. Maybe increasing that to 10 or more.

Another possible change is using a different method for the initial optimization. For example, using SLSQP with more iterations.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the current approach is too slow. So to speed up, maybe reducing the number of iterations but making the optimization steps more effective.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, instead of COBYLA, use BFGS with constraints.

But since the code uses SLSQP and COBYLA, maybe that's already using good methods.

In the previous code, after the initial guesses, the code runs differential evolution with population size 50 and maxiter 50. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 or 200 would allow more exploration.

Also, the code checks the elapsed time and breaks if close to the budget. Maybe adjusting the number of iterations in differential evolution to make better use of time.

Another idea: during the refinement steps, use a more aggressive optimization method. For example, after refining with COBYLA, maybe do another round with SLSQP.

But I'm not sure. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the code to use a more diverse initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the optimization methods to allow for a better exploration.

So, modifying the existing code:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more functions.

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to increase maxiter.

- Adjust the refinement steps to use a different method.

But I need to code this.

Another thing to consider is that the current code has a function gen_rand() which generates random values. Maybe generating more random guesses with different parameters could help.

But in code, the current code adds 5 random guesses. Maybe increasing that to 10 or more.

Also, for the gen_pulse, gen_saw, gen_triangle, maybe adding more frequencies and duties.

For example, in the code:

for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
    guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
for _ in range(5):
    guesses.append(gen_rand())

Perhaps expanding the freq range, like to 15, or adding more frequencies. Also, for the sawtooth and triangle, maybe using different frequencies, not just 3.

Another idea: create more initial guesses based on combining different waveforms, like pulse + triangle, etc. But that might complicate the code.

Alternatively, create some initial guesses that are based on the initial_h_values, like shifting or modifying it slightly.

But given that the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps using that as an initial guess and then generating more guesses based on it.

However, the code already uses initial_h_values as the first guess. So perhaps that's sufficient.

In summary, the changes I want to implement:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses, including more varied waveforms and random samples.

2. Adjust differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations.

3. Refine the solution with more aggressive optimization steps.

But I need to code these changes without exceeding the token limit.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed seed. Perhaps using different seeds during the initial guess generation. But the current code uses a fixed seed, so maybe varying the seed could lead to better exploration. But since the user specifies to use the provided initial_h_values, which is fixed, perhaps that's not applicable.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, and generating more guesses based on that.

But in the code, the initial guesses are generated with different functions, so that's probably okay.

Another possible optimization: the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full correlation, including shifts beyond the length of h. But since the domain is [0,2], and dx is 2/n_points, the maximum shift k that matters is 2. So the correlation length might be larger than needed. However, the code computes the max of all correlations, which is correct.

But maybe optimizing the calculation of the max correlation. However, the code already uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

Another idea: during the optimization, instead of minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps use a convex combination or a penalty approach. For example, minimizing the average of the correlations, but that's not the same as the maximum.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, but this is complex.

In the end, the best way to proceed is to adjust the code to have more initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the differential evolution, and refine more effectively.

So, modifying the code:

- Generate more initial guesses by adding more frequencies and duties.

- Increase the maxiter of differential evolution.

- Use a larger population size.

- More refinement steps with different methods.

But I have to make sure that the code fits within the token limit and executes within the time budget.

Another thought: the code could use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a different mutation strategy.

But given the time, perhaps the previous code's main issue is insufficient exploration, so adding more initial guesses and increasing the parameters of the differential evolution would help.

Thus, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with varying frequencies and duties.

- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution.

- Add more refinement steps.

Let me draft the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_rand():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 15):
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_saw(5, duty))
    for duty in np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(5, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=80,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 150})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```