<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My task is to find a better construction by adjusting the algorithm. 

First, I need to understand the previous approach. The previous code uses an initial guess based on some pulse, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Then it uses SLSQP optimization with several guesses and differential evolution, followed by refinement with COBYLA. But maybe there are ways to improve this.

Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the function h is a step function with values in [0,1], and we need to arrange them such that when you convolve with 1-h, the maximum value is as small as possible.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. The user wants me to start from that or find a different starting point. So perhaps trying different initializations could help avoid local optima.

I need to find a way to optimize this more efficiently. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe using a different optimization method or a better initial guess could help. Also, maybe the way the guesses are generated is too limited. For example, the previous code uses pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, but maybe other waveforms could be better.

Another idea is to use a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using symmetry or certain patterns in h would help. For example, arranging h to have a periodic structure that balances overlaps. 

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach? Or a Bayesian optimization? But given the time constraints, maybe some tweaks to the existing code would be better. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, let's consider the current approach. The code generates multiple initial guesses, then uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA refinements. However, the differential evolution might be too slow for the given time budget. Let me check the parameters: popsize=50, maxiter=50. Maybe reducing the popsize or increasing the maxiter could help, but within the time budget. Alternatively, changing the mutation and recombination parameters might improve convergence.

Another angle: the function to minimize is the maximum of the correlation. The maximum of the convolution could be minimized by balancing the overlaps. Perhaps using a more uniform distribution of h's values. The initial guess is based on some waveforms, but maybe a random start could be better.

Additionally, the problem requires that the integral of h is 1. The current code enforces this with a constraint. Maybe the way the constraints are handled could be improved. For example, using a penalty method instead of equality constraint, but the previous code uses an equality constraint, which is correct.

What about the evaluation of the correlation? The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. However, the overlap integral is computed as the max of the convolution, multiplied by dx. But the original problem is about integrating h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Wait, when k varies, the overlap for each shift. But the code computes the max over all k of the integral. However, the correlation function might not capture all k values. Wait, when you do the convolution, it's h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) integrated over x, which is similar to the cross-correlation. But the way the code uses np.correlate might not be the correct way to compute this. Let me check:

The convolution of h and (1 - h) is given by (h * (1 - h))[k] = ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. But the code uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'). The 'full' mode returns the cross-correlation, which is the same as the convolution of h with the reversed version of (1 - h). Wait, no, the cross-correlation is ∫ h(x) * conj(g(x + k)) dx, but for real functions, it's ∫ h(x) g(x + k) dx. Wait, but the correlation here is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full'), which for full mode returns the cross-correlation for all possible lags. The maximum value of this array would correspond to the maximum overlap integral. So that's correct.

But the code uses the full correlation, which for a 2-point interval would have a certain length. However, the integral over x must be over [0, 2]. Wait, when you have h defined on [0, 2], then the convolution with 1 - h would have overlapping parts. But the code's approach of using full mode might capture all possible lags. However, perhaps the integration is over the entire domain, and the maximum value is correctly computed. So that's correct.

Now, how to improve this. The previous code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So using n_points less than 1k is better. The current code uses 45, which is way below 1k. So maybe keeping it low is better. But perhaps the initial guess with 45 points is not sufficient. Alternatively, trying a different initial guess.

Another approach: the Erdős problem is about arranging a function h such that the overlap with its shift is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem. For example, arranging h in such a way that the regions where h is 1 are spaced out enough that their shifts don't overlap too much.

In the current code, the initial guess uses pulse, saw, and triangle waves. But maybe generating a more random initial guess with certain structures could lead to better results. For example, using a binary pattern (0s and 1s) with certain spacing. However, the integral must be exactly 1, so the number of 1s would need to be adjusted.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure, such as a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to optimize the existing approach better. Let me think about the code structure.

The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several guesses. It uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA for refinement. However, perhaps the problem is that the SLSQP is getting stuck in local optima. Maybe switching to a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, could help. But the user is allowed to use scipy's methods.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Differential evolution is global. But perhaps combining these with different initial points and parameters would help. Also, the initial guesses are based on some waveforms, but maybe there are other structures to try.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed set of guesses, but perhaps it's better to generate more varied initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies, multiple waveforms, or randomizing more.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For instance, generating random guesses that satisfy the integral constraint. The current code does this with gen_rand(), which is just random numbers. However, the code uses a function to generate random guesses, which is okay.

But perhaps the refinement steps could be more effective. For example, after differential evolution, using the COBYLA method with more iterations to fine-tune the solution.

Another potential improvement: the code's differential evolution uses a population size of 50 and maxiter of 50. Maybe increasing maxiter would allow better exploration, but that might take longer. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the bounded optimization with more parameters. Or using a heuristic that targets specific parts of the function.

Wait, the problem is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for a given shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, the function should be designed such that h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) do not overlap much. So, when h is 1 at some x, 1 - h(x +k) would be 0, so there's no overlap. So, arranging the function such that the regions where h is 1 are spaced apart by more than some distance. 

But how to model that. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length t, then the spacing between them should be such that the shifts don't overlap. But the optimal value is not known.

Alternatively, using a binary function where h(x) is 1 in certain positions, and 0 otherwise, such that the total integral is 1. For example, if the function has m intervals of 1's, each of length dx, then the sum would be m * dx. Wait, the integral is sum(h) * dx, so with n_points samples, sum(h) must be n_points / 2.

But using a binary function with some regular pattern could be a good starting point. For instance, a periodic function with certain spacing. For example, placing 1s at intervals so that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to translate that into code. Maybe generating a binary pattern where 1s are spaced with certain distances. However, the exact design is not obvious.

Another approach: the previous code uses multiple methods, but perhaps it's better to focus on the differential evolution step, since it's a global optimizer. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, starting with a random guess that's already satisfying the integral constraint. The current code includes gen_rand() in the guesses, so that's already there.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses multiple refine steps with COBYLA. Maybe using a more aggressive refinement strategy.

Wait, the current code has a loop where it refines the best_h several times with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the options could help.

But the main problem is that the code might be stuck in a local minimum. To address that, maybe trying different initial guesses, such as different waveforms or random starts, would help. The previous code generates guesses for pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions with various frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating more varied initial guesses could lead to better results.

Another thought: using a different set of initial guesses based on known optimal constructions for similar problems. For example, if there's a known structure that approximates the Erdős constant, then starting from that could be better.

But since the user is not providing such a structure, perhaps the code should generate more diverse starting points. For example, using different numbers of pulses, different spacings, or combinations of waves.

Alternatively, using a peridic waveform with a certain number of pulses. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval, and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically. But the integral must be 1, so the total area is fixed.

Another idea: the current code's initial guess is based on 45 points. Maybe using more points would allow better optimization, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the initial code already uses 45, which is very small.

Alternatively, perhaps the current code's time is limited, so generating more initial guesses and optimizing them with more effective methods could help.

Wait, in the current code, after generating the initial guesses, it runs SLSQP for each, then runs differential evolution. But maybe the differential evolution is not efficient enough. Alternatively, using the SLSQP with more iterations or better initial points.

Another thought: the code's cost function is the maximum of the convolution. So, during optimization, it's possible that the maximum is dominated by a particular shift. So, the optimizer is trying to minimize that maximum. However, the L-BFGS-B method might not work well with the constraints here, so SLSQP is used.

But perhaps using a different method, like a genetic algorithm, could better explore the search space. However, scipy's optimization methods may not include genetic algorithms. 

Alternatively, using a random restart strategy with different initial guesses and then selecting the best result. The current code does that by generating multiple guesses and trying to optimize them.

Another idea: the current code has a 'refine' step that uses COBYLA for further refinement. Maybe combining this with other steps.

But to make progress, perhaps the key is to adjust the existing code's parameters to better find the optimal solution.

For example, increasing the number of generations in differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation parameters. Also, ensuring that the differential evolution is allowed to run for more steps within the time budget.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the cost function. The current code uses np.correlate every time, which could be slow. But since the code is already using the same approach, perhaps there's not much to optimize there.

Another angle: the previous code's initial_h_values is the starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess based on that. For example, perturbing the initial guess in some way to escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method to generate initial guesses. For instance, using Fourier analysis to design the function h to have certain properties that balance the overlaps.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to adjust the existing code to use better parameters, try more initial guesses, and optimize with more effective methods.

So here's a plan for the new code:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including random ones, different waveforms, and perhaps some structured patterns.
3. Use more aggressive optimization methods, like differential evolution with more iterations or a better population size.
4. Use the COBYLA refinement with more iterations to further minimize the cost.
5. Ensure that the code runs within the time budget by adjusting the parameters of the optimizers.

Let me structure the code accordingly. The main changes would be:

- Generating more initial guesses, perhaps with different frequencies or structures.
- Using differential evolution with more iterations.
- Using a more effective refinement step.

In the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 50 iterations with a population of 50. Maybe increasing maxiter to 100 and reducing popsize to 30 could help. Also, adjusting mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, the code's SLSQP step uses maxiter=300, which is quite high. Maybe reducing it to 100 to save time.

Another thing: the code uses a fixed n_points of 45 (from initial_h_values). So perhaps the n_points is fixed, but the user might want to try other n_points. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so using n_points=45 is acceptable.

Now, the code should be modified to:

- Generate more initial guesses.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations and better parameters.
- Refine with COBYLA multiple times.
- Ensure that the code runs within the time constraint.

Let me try to outline the code steps:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Generate additional guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles for pulse, saw, triangle functions.
- Also generate some random guesses.
- Optimize each guess with SLSQP, then use DE to further optimize.
- Refine with COBYLA multiple times.

But to make it concise, perhaps the code can be adjusted to include more diverse initial guesses and better optimization parameters.

Another optimization: the previous code uses multiple refine steps with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help, but again, within the time.

Now, considering the code's time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. The previous code uses multiple steps, but perhaps reducing the number of steps or making them more effective could help.

Another idea: instead of generating a lot of initial guesses, focus on a few high-quality ones. For example, generate a few different waveform-based initial guesses and optimize them.

But the user's previous code already does that. Perhaps the main issue is the differential evolution step.

Let me think about the code structure. The code uses a few guesses, then runs SLSQP on them, then runs differential evolution, then COBYLA refinements.

In the new code, I'll adjust the parameters of these steps to make them more effective. For example, increasing the maxiter in differential evolution, using a better mutation strategy, etc.

Also, the code may benefit from using a different initial guess for the DE. For example, using the best_h from previous steps as the initial guess.

Another possible improvement: the cost function is the maximum of the convolution. However, when optimizing, the optimizer might focus on minimizing this maximum. However, in some cases, it's possible that the maximum is not well captured by the initial approximation. Maybe adding a penalty for the maximum, but the current code already uses the max directly.

Alternatively, using a weighted cost function where the maximum is the main objective.

In addition, the code's time tracking is essential. The code must check how much time is left and adjust the number of steps accordingly.

Putting it all together, the new code would adjust the DE parameters to run more iterations and have a better population, and adjust the SLSQP and COBYLA steps to be more effective.

Now, translating this into code:

- Use the same initial guess.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses, maybe by adding more waveforms and parameters.
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Use the COBYLA with more iterations.

But to keep the code concise, I'll modify the existing code's parameters and initial guesses.

For example, increasing the mutation parameters in differential evolution, and adjusting the recombination rate. Also, increasing the number of iterations in DE.

Another thing is that the previous code uses for freq in [3, 4, 5, ...], but maybe using higher frequencies or different ones could help. However, the code already includes a range.

But to improve, maybe generating some more guesses for different frequencies and duty cycles.

Additionally, the code uses a 'gen_rand' function, which is random. Perhaps the code could generate more such random guesses.

But the code already has that.

Another possible change: using the 'initial_h_values' as one of the guesses, and the others as variants.

So, the code can proceed as follows:

- Start with initial_h_values.
- Generate guesses with different waveforms and parameters.
- Optimize each guess with SLSQP.
- Run DE on the best guess.
- Refine with COBYLA.

The code will need to adjust the parameters of the optimizers to be more effective.

In terms of code, I'll make the following changes:

1. Change the DE parameters to have more iterations. For example, maxiter=100 instead of 50.
2. Use a different mutation and recombination strategy.
3. Increase the population size to 100, but within the time budget.
4. Use the best guess from SLSQP as initial for DE.
5. Refine with COBYLA for more steps.

But I need to make sure that the code runs within 100 seconds.

Another idea: reducing the number of guesses, as the previous code has a lot, which might be time-consuming. For example, limiting the number of guesses to a few, but focusing on the most promising ones.

Alternatively, using the initial guesses and then generating additional ones based on the current best.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. So, I'll proceed with adjusting the existing parameters and generating more diverse guesses.

So, the modified code would:

- Generate more guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use DE with adjusted parameters.
- Refine more effectively.

Now, implementing this in code:

The user's previous code uses:

    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())

Maybe expanding this by adding more frequencies and duties. For example, more waveforms with different parameters.

But perhaps generating more guesses could take more time. Alternatively, focus on generating a few more guesses.

Additionally, the code uses the SLSQP with maxiter=300. Maybe reducing that to 100 to save time and then have more iterations in DE.

In the DE step, perhaps increasing the maxiter to 100, with a population of 50, and mutation parameters adjusted.

The refinement step uses COBYLA with maxiter=200. Maybe increasing that to 300.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient.

Now, the final code:

It will:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Generate several guesses with different waveforms and parameters, including more frequencies and duty cycles.
- Use SLSQP to optimize each guess.
- Run differential evolution on the best guess.
- Refine with COBYLA multiple times.
- Track time to ensure it completes within the budget.

This should be implemented in the code, with adjusted parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    def gen_rand():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(7):
        guesses.append(gen_rand())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-11})
            return res.x if res.success else g
        except:
            return g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=50, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        try:
            res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                                   constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                                   options={'maxiter': 300})
            return res.x if res.success else r
        except:
            return r
    
    for _ in range(7):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```