<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is around 0.38085, and we need to find a better one, ideally lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of initial guesses, SLSQP optimization, and differential evolution. But maybe we can do better by exploring different strategies.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The function h is a step function on [0, 2], with integral 1. We need to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by various k. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. We need to find the h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and each h[i] is between 0 and 1. The idea is to find a step function that spreads out the 1s and 0s in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

The previous approach used several initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves, and random initializations. Then it used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. However, maybe we can find a better starting point or a different optimization strategy.

One thought: maybe using a more structured approach, like aperiodic or fractal-like patterns. The Erdős problem is related to avoiding overlaps, so perhaps a more uniform distribution of the 1s and 0s could help. But how to translate that into a function?

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of multiple functions. The previous code tried various pulse and waveforms, but maybe a more tailored approach could be better. For example, if we can find a way to model h as a piecewise function with certain properties that minimize the maximum overlap.

Wait, the overlap integral is the same as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx over x. This is equivalent to the inner product between h and a shifted version of 1 - h. For different shifts k, we need to ensure that this inner product is minimized in the worst case.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, and the integral of 1 - h is 1 (because the total integral over [0,2] is 2, and h's integral is 1), then the maximum overlap would be related to the maximum convolution between h and 1 - h. But I'm not sure how to translate that into constraints.

Maybe I should think about the problem in terms of minimizing the maximum over k. So for each possible shift k, we want to minimize the integral. But since we can't check all k, maybe the worst-case k is when the shift is such that h and 1 - h are overlapping the most. So perhaps the worst case is when the shift is such that the peaks of h and the valleys of 1 - h align.

Another approach: think of the problem as a game. We have to choose h such that, for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. To find this, maybe use a greedy algorithm where we iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum integral, perhaps we can use a convex optimization approach. However, the maximum of integrals isn't convex, so standard convex optimization techniques might not apply. But maybe we can use a relaxation or approximated approach.

The previous code used differential evolution and SLSQP. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, but maybe we can improve it by using more informed initial guesses. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but if we can generate other patterns that could be better, that would help.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given, but they are part of the problem. The user says that "initial_h_values" is available, so we should use it as a starting point. So maybe the previous code used that, and the current task is to build upon that.

Another idea: perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach. But given the time budget, differential evolution is already used, but perhaps with tuned parameters. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several guesses based on different functions (pulses, sawtooth, etc.), and then performs optimization steps. The code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps we can try different initial guesses or adjust the parameters.

Wait, the problem states that the code should return the best solution found within the time budget. So, maybe we can try different strategies:

1. Use a more efficient optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, use a different method that can handle constraints better.
2. Explore a wider range of starting points by generating more diverse initial guesses.
3. Use a different way to model the problem, perhaps by breaking it into parts or using symmetry.
4. Try to find a structure in the optimal h that can be exploited, like periodicity or specific patterns.

Another thought: since the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], the average value of h is 0.5. So h is a function that's exactly 0.5 on average. To minimize the overlap, perhaps h should avoid having large regions where it is 1 or 0. So, maybe a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s would help. But how to translate this into a step function?

Perhaps, instead of using a simple step function, we can use a more complex pattern that has a lower maximum overlap. For example, using a checkerboard-like pattern, but over a continuous domain.

But how to model that? Maybe using multiple overlapping pulses or a combination of different waveforms.

Wait, the initial approach tried several waveforms, like pulses, sawtooth, triangle. Maybe we can try more combinations. For example, using a combination of multiple frequencies or different shapes.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise linear function that alternates between high and low values in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, a period of the function that's such that shifting it by a certain amount causes the overlap to be minimized.

But how to find such a pattern algorithmically?

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can split the problem into considering the worst shift k. Suppose we find a k that gives the highest overlap, and then optimize h to reduce that particular k. But since we don't know which k is the worst, this approach would require checking many k's, which might not be feasible.

But perhaps we can approximate the worst k by considering a few critical shifts. For example, shifts that are equal to the period of the function, or shifts that are half the period, etc. If we can model the function h to have certain periodic properties, maybe we can minimize the worst case.

Alternatively, if we model h as a periodic function with a certain period, then the maximum overlap would be determined by the overlap within one period. For example, if h is periodic with period T, then the maximum overlap over k would be equivalent to the maximum overlap within one period.

But since our domain is [0, 2], the period could be something like 2, but then h would have to be periodic over that interval. However, the function h must have integral 1 over [0, 2], so the average value would be 0.5.

Let me think of a simple periodic function. For example, a square wave that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. However, such a function would have overlaps that are high when shifted by certain amounts. So perhaps a more complex wave, like a triangle wave, or a sawtooth, but with adjusted parameters.

But how does that help? Let's consider the example of a triangle wave. Suppose h(x) is a triangle wave that goes from 0 to 1 and back to 0 over the interval [0, 2]. Then, shifting it by certain amounts could create overlaps. However, the maximum overlap might be higher than for other functions. So perhaps a more optimal function could be found by combining these ideas.

Alternatively, what if h is designed to have specific points where it is 1 or 0, spread out in such a way that when shifted, the overlapping regions are minimized. For example, placing the 1s and 0s in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to find such a configuration? Maybe by trying to distribute the 1s as evenly as possible. For example, if there are n samples, then h[i] is 1 for about n/2 positions, but arranged to minimize the overlap when shifted.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The goal is to minimize the maximum correlation, which is the max over k of the overlap integral. This is a non-convex problem, so finding the global minimum is difficult. However, with some approximations or heuristics, we can try to find a good solution.

Given the previous code used SLSQP and DE, perhaps trying to improve that by using different parameters. For example, using a better initial guess, or adjusting the mutation rate in DE, or the number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer. For example, using genetic algorithms with a large population size, but given the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another idea: since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization. For example, minimize the maximum of several overlaps. But since we can't check all k, maybe we can choose a few critical shifts and optimize for those, then check the rest.

But how to choose which shifts? Maybe the critical shifts are those that are equal to the width of the function's segment. For example, if the function has segments of length a, then shifting by a would cause overlaps. So maybe the optimal h has segments of certain lengths, and the shifts we need to consider are related to those lengths.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral is the same as the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. This is equivalent to the integral over x of h(x) - h(x) * h(x +k) dx. Which is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the overlap is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, we need to minimize the maximum value of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. Which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum overlap for any shift k.

Hmm, this might be a different way to look at the problem. So the original problem is to minimize the maximum of (1 - overlap), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum overlap. But how does that help? Maybe it's easier to think about the overlap term ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. For certain shifts k, this product term would be larger, leading to a smaller overlap integral. Therefore, our goal is to make this product as large as possible for all k, which in turn would make the overlap integral as small as possible.

But I'm not sure how to proceed from here. Maybe considering that the optimal h would have some kind of symmetry or periodicity.

Another thought: perhaps the optimal h has a structure that makes the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx as large as possible for all k. This would mean that h is designed to be as similar to itself under shifts as possible. However, this seems conflicting because the function must have an integral of 1, so overlapping would imply that the function is more concentrated.

Alternatively, think of h as a function with high energy in Fourier domain. Because the convolution integral is the same as the product of Fourier transforms. But this is getting complicated.

Let me think back to the code. The previous approach used several initial guesses and then ran SLSQP and DE. Maybe to improve, I can try to use different initial guesses that are more tailored. For example, instead of using random guesses, try to generate h based on known optimal properties.

Wait, what's the current record? The user says the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and we need to get lower than 0.380876. So the target is to find a construction that gets even lower. The previous code achieved 0.381142, so there's room for improvement.

Another idea: maybe using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be from a known construction. If we can generate a better initial guess by modifying that, perhaps we can find a better solution.

Alternatively, perhaps using a grid search over possible parameters for different functions. For example, varying the frequency, duty cycle, and other parameters of the pulses, sawtooth, etc., to find the best one.

But given the time constraints, we need an algorithm that can run quickly. The previous code used a budget of 100 seconds, so we need to make sure that the code doesn't take too long.

Another possible improvement: instead of using differential evolution for a large population, use a more efficient method for the initial optimization steps, and then refine with SLSQP.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution with a population size of 120, which could be time-consuming. Perhaps reducing the population size while increasing the number of iterations, or using a better mutation strategy.

Alternatively, using a combination of local search and global search. For example, using the initial guesses to find a good region, then applying SLSQP to fine-tune.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we penalize the maximum overlap. But since the maximum is non-smooth, this might be challenging.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can consider the maximum overlap as the objective. So the code's current approach is correct, but maybe we can find a better way to compute it or adjust the optimization parameters.

Another idea: perhaps using the fact that the maximum overlap is determined by certain shifts. For example, for a function with period 2, the worst shift would be when k is such that x +k falls into a region where h(x) and 1 -h(x +k) are both high. So maybe the worst case is when k is small, like 1, or something else.

But without knowing which k is worst, it's hard to target.

Another thought: if we can model the problem as a linear program, but given that the integrals involve products of h, which are nonlinear, it's not directly possible. Hence, the need for heuristic methods.

Looking back at the code, the previous approach used several generating functions. Maybe I can try generating more functions or combining them. For example, a combination of pulses and a triangle wave.

Alternatively, I can try to create a function that has more complex patterns, like a combination of different shapes, and see if that helps.

But the key is to find a good starting point that can be optimized effectively. The initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, but maybe we can find a better one.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed set of initial guesses, generate them based on parameters that can be tuned. For example, generate multiple versions of a wave with different frequencies and duty cycles, then select the best ones.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to optimize existing code.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it ran SLSQP and DE. Maybe the DE part can be optimized by reducing the number of iterations or increasing the mutation rate. Or perhaps using a different method.

Another idea: since the problem is constrained (sum of h is fixed), and the objective is to minimize the max correlation, maybe we can use a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient. However, scipy doesn't have built-in Bayesian optimization, so that's not feasible here.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. But again, scipy's optimize doesn't have that.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code's parameters and strategies. For example:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Use a more efficient DE configuration (like smaller population size, more iterations).
- Refine with SLSQP more thoroughly.
- Add more guesses that are specifically tailored for the problem.

Wait, the previous code used several guesses. Let's think about what those guesses were:

- The initial guess (h).
- Then pulse waves with frequencies 3-8 and duty cycle 0.5.
- Then sawtooth and triangle waves with frequency 3 and duty cycles.
- A random guess that is normalized to the sum.

Maybe adding more pulse waves with different frequencies and duty cycles could help. For example, adding other frequencies like 2, 9, 10, etc.

Alternatively, using a geometric progression for frequencies. Or generating a grid of (frequency, duty cycle) pairs.

But generating too many guesses could be time-consuming. Perhaps the previous approach already generated a good set, but we can tweak it.

Another thought: the current code uses Differential Evolution with a popsize of 120, but maybe that's too much. Perhaps using a smaller popsize but more iterations could be better.

Additionally, in the DE step, the code runs for 100 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help find better solutions, but time is limited.

Alternatively, using a combination of different starting points and then applying the SLSQP method.

Another idea: the code uses the same initial guesses for all optimization steps. Maybe varying the initial guesses more could help. For example, adding more guesses like a sinusoidal function with different frequencies, or other waveforms that might produce good overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of a square wave and a triangle wave. For example, a function that has high and low parts but with smoother transitions.

But generating such functions would require more complex calculations. For example, creating a wave that is 1 for a certain period, then 0 for another, then 1 again, etc., but adjusted to fit the integral constraint.

Alternatively, think of the function as a combination of intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, then shifting by the length of those intervals could lead to overlaps.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to model.

Given all these thoughts, the plan is to refine the existing code. Let's consider the following:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Generate more initial guesses, such as different waveforms, perhaps with different parameters.
3. Use a combination of DE and SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
4. Refine the best solution with more iterations of SLSQP.
5. Optimize the DE parameters to reduce computation time.

But how to implement this in code?

The previous code uses several generators for different waveforms. Perhaps adding more of them, like more pulse functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles.

For example, adding pulse functions with frequencies 2, 9, 10, 11, etc. And varying the duty cycles further.

Another thing: the current code's DE step uses a popsize of 120, maxiter 100. Maybe reducing the popsize to 60 and increasing maxiter to 150 could provide better results.

Also, the previous code uses the same guess for all steps. Maybe using a different strategy for selecting the guesses could help.

Another possible improvement: after running DE, use the best solution found to run a local optimization with SLSQP, and then continue refining.

In code, perhaps adding more guesses and modifying the DE parameters.

Let me think about the code structure again. The code starts with initial_h_values, then generates more guesses. Then it runs SLSQP on each guess. Then runs DE for a few iterations, then refines with SLSQP.

Perhaps the DE step can be modified to run more iterations, or the population size can be adjusted. Also, the mutation parameters could be tuned.

Additionally, the code may be able to use more efficient data types, but with the given constraints, that's probably not helpful.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe it's beneficial to use a more tailored initial guess, like a function that is known to have good properties for this problem.

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say. However, given the initial_h_values, perhaps we can create variations of that.

Another approach: since the initial H has n=45 samples, maybe generating a function with a similar structure but adjusting certain parameters. For example, modifying the initial H to have different duty cycles or frequencies.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be based on a pattern that could be optimized further.

But again, without knowing the details of the initial_h_values, it's hard to adjust it.

In the end, the best approach might be to tweak the existing code to generate more initial guesses and optimize the DE parameters.

Let me outline the changes I can make to the code:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more waveforms with different parameters.
- Adjust the DE parameters (mutation, recombination, etc.) to get better performance.
- Allow more iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use the best solution found from the DE step to run SLSQP for refinement.

Additionally, I can try using different optimization methods. For example, replacing the default SLSQP with a different method, but according to the code, scipy.optimize has SLSQP, which is suitable for constrained problems.

Another possible change: adding more guesses based on other waveforms, such as a sine wave with certain phase shifts or a combination of multiple waveforms.

In code, the 'guesses' list currently includes pulse, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Adding more to this list could help.

For example, include more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles. Or include other waveforms like a modified sine wave.

But generating more guesses may take more time, but maybe the code can handle it within the budget.

So, to implement this, I can expand the 'guesses' list with more functions. For example:

- Adding more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adding more sawtooth and triangle functions with different frequencies and duty cycles.
- Adding a function that's a combination of sine and triangle.

But given that the current code uses the initial_h_values and a few other guesses, perhaps adding a few more could help.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a function that has a high amount of overlap with itself when shifted. Wait, no—the overlap integral is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)), so if h(x) and h(x +k) have high overlap, then the (1-h(x+k)) part would be low. Wait, this is getting confusing.

Maybe I should revert back to the code and think about what can be done. Since I can't change the existing code structure much, I can try to optimize it.

In the code, after generating the guesses, it runs SLSQP on each of them. Then runs DE for 2 iterations. Then refines with SLSQP.

To improve this, perhaps increasing the number of guesses and optimizing DE parameters.

Another possible change: use a smaller number of DE iterations but with a larger population, or vice versa.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE. Perhaps using a larger number of iterations with a smaller population could be better.

In the current code, the DE step runs for 100 iterations. Maybe increasing that to 200 or 300, but that would consume more time, risking exceeding the budget.

Alternatively, running DE with a smaller population and more iterations. For example, popsize=60 and maxiter=150.

Also, in the code, the DE uses mutation=(0.5, 0.95), which is a range for the mutation factor. Maybe adjusting this to a different range for better exploration.

Additionally, the recombination parameter is set to 0.8. Maybe adjusting this could improve performance.

In the refine step, the code runs SLSQP 5 times. Perhaps increasing the number of refine steps could help.

But all these changes require adjusting parameters, which might not be possible without testing.

Given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the code to add more guesses and optimize the DE parameters.

So, in the code, when generating guesses, add more pulse functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, and perhaps other waveforms.

For example:

- Frequencies for pulses: 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11
- Duty cycles for pulses: 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7
- Similarly for sawtooth and triangle.

This would generate more initial guesses, which could help the optimization find a better solution.

But this would also increase the number of guesses, which might slow down the optimization, but given that the initial code already does some of this, perhaps it's manageable.

Another possible change: when generating random guesses, make sure they are normalized to the correct sum. The current code does this by multiplying by target_sum / sum(guesses[-1]). That's good.

In summary, the plan is to:

- Add more initial guesses with various waveforms and parameters.
- Adjust DE parameters for better performance.
- Possibly increase the number of refine steps.

Now, how to implement this in code?

The existing code has:

guesses = [h]
for f in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(f, 0.5))
for d in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, d))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(3, d))
guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))

I can expand these loops to include more frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

for f in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(f, 0.5))
for d in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, d))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(3, d))

But need to make sure that the frequencies are appropriate. Also, maybe adding gen_tri with different frequencies.

Additionally, for other frequencies, like 2, 9, etc.

This would increase the number of guesses, which could help the optimization find a better solution.

Another possible change: using a different method for the first optimization steps. For example, using L-BFGS-B instead of SLSQP, but given the constraints, SLSQP is suitable.

In terms of the code, the main changes would be to expand the guesses list.

Another idea: the initial guess is the initial_h_values, which might already be a good starting point. So we can keep that, and generate other guesses based on different waveforms.

In conclusion, the revised code would include more initial guesses with various waveforms and parameters, and adjust the DE parameters to improve optimization.

Now, implementing this in code:

The existing code's guess generation is in a loop. I can expand that to include more frequencies and duty cycles. For example:

- Pulse frequencies: from 2 to 11
- Duty cycles: from 0.2 to 0.7
- Sawtooth and triangle with various frequencies (e.g., 2, 3, 4, etc.)

But to avoid excessive computation, perhaps select a subset of these.

In code, this would be:

for f in range(2, 12):  # frequencies from 2 to 11
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(f, 0.5))
for d in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, d))
    guesses.append(gen_tri(3, d))

Additionally, generate for other frequencies in sawtooth and triangle.

But this would require changes to the code.

Another thing: the code uses gen_pulses, gen_saw, gen_tri functions. The previous code had those functions defined.

So, with these modifications, the code would generate more starting guesses, which could help find a better solution.

Also, in the DE part, adjusting the parameters:

The code currently has:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=100,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe changing popsize to 60 and maxiter to 150.

Also, changing the mutation parameters, like using (0.5, 0.8) or similar.

Another idea: use the 'mutation' parameter as (0.5, 0.95), but perhaps lower the recombination rate.

Alternatively, using different parameters for the DE step.

In code, the DE is run twice, and the best solution is used for refinement.

Thus, the changes would be to generate more initial guesses, and tune the DE parameters.

This should give a better chance of finding a lower C₅ value.

Another thing to consider is that the initial_h_values might already be the best starting point, so perhaps focusing on refining that with more optimization steps is beneficial. But since the code already starts with that, it's probably covered.

In summary, the revised code would:

- Expand the initial guess list with more waveforms and parameters.
- Adjust the DE parameters to improve performance.
- Possibly increase the number of refine steps.

Now, translating this into code changes:

The main part is the generation of the guesses. Let's adjust that part.

Also, in the DE step, adjust the parameters. For example:

res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=120,
                                     mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)

This might help the DE explore better.

In addition, in the refine step, perhaps increasing the number of refinements.

But the code already has a loop for 5 refine steps.

Another idea: in the refine loop, instead of running SLSQP with fixed iterations, maybe run it for a certain number of iterations depending on the current time.

But given the time constraints, it's better to stick with the existing refinement steps.

So, putting it all together, the revised code would have more guesses and adjusted DE parameters.

Now, I can write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * f * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * d / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * d, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(f, d):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * f * x - 1) * d
    
    guesses = [h]
    for f in range(2, 12):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(f, 0.5))
    for d in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, d))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, d))
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    guesses[-1] = (target_sum / np.sum(guesses[-1])) * guesses[-1]
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=120,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```