<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that.

The previous code used a combination of different heuristics like SLSQP and differential evolution. It started with an initial guess and tried various pulse, saw, and triangle wave functions. But maybe we can do better by changing the approach.

First, let me think about the problem. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). Since h is a step function, this is about how much h(x) and 1 - h(x+k) overlap when shifted. To minimize the maximum overlap, we want h to be as spread out as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

The initial setup uses 45 points. The code starts with initial_h_values, which is a pre-defined vector. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps we can try other initializations as well.

The previous code used several guesses, including pulses, sawtooths, triangles, and random. But maybe we can explore different structures. Another idea is to use a more structured approach, like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with specific spacing.

Let me consider that the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift. So, if h is designed such that when shifted by certain distances, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain period, then the overlaps might be controlled.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The main constraint is the integral of h over [0,2] equals 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all k. But this is a non-convex optimization problem, which is hard. So we need heuristic methods.

In the previous code, the optimization uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe we can tune the hyperparameters or use different optimization techniques. Also, the previous code tried different initial guesses, which is good for avoiding local minima.

But perhaps a better approach is to use a more systematic way to construct h. For example, maybe using a greedy algorithm where we try to place the steps to minimize the overlap. Alternatively, using simulated annealing to explore the space more thoroughly.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution (DE) and then refines with SLSQP. DE is good for global optimization, but maybe it's too slow for large n. However, the problem states that smaller n is better. The current n is 45, which is manageable.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be approximated using the cross-correlation. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlations for all possible shifts. The maximum of this correlation is the C₅ value we want to minimize.

To minimize the maximum correlation, maybe we can use a more balanced distribution of 1s and 0s in h. For example, a function that is "spread out" over the interval [0,2], so that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, maybe using a construction similar to the one used for the Erdős problem, which is known to have certain optimal configurations. But I need to think about how to implement that.

Wait, the current best lower bound is around 0.38085. The previous program achieved 0.38114. So to improve, we need to find a configuration where the maximum correlation is lower than that.

Maybe the previous code's approach is too slow or not effective. Let's think of alternative optimization strategies. Maybe using a different initial guess could help. For example, instead of using pulse and triangle functions, what if I try to use a more even distribution?

Another idea: the function h is a step function, so it can be represented as a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0. The problem is to choose these intervals such that the integral of h(x) is 1, and the maximum shift overlap is minimized.

But optimizing over intervals might be complex. Alternatively, treating the step function as a vector with certain properties, and optimizing the vector entries.

In the previous code, the optimization is performed over the vector h. Perhaps using a more efficient optimization method, or adjusting the parameters of the existing ones. For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP or DE, but that might take more time.

Wait, the code has a budget of 100 seconds. The current code uses DE with 60 iterations, and refines with SLSQP. Maybe we can adjust the DE parameters to get better results, or try different initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a different algorithm like genetic algorithms could be an option, but I'm not sure if the scipy.optimize library includes that. Wait, the code uses differential_evolution, which is part of scipy.optimize. So that's available.

Another approach: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, try to generate more diverse initial points. For example, using random permutations or random patterns, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, maybe focusing on specific structures. For instance, using a function that has several peaks separated by certain distances. This way, shifting the function would result in the peaks overlapping less with the 1 - h(x+k) regions.

Alternatively, using a "forest" like structure where multiple segments are placed to minimize overlap.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe by using a different initial guess, like a sinusoidal function with specific parameters, but that's what the previous code tried.

Another thought: the previous code tried different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe we can try more complex patterns, such as combinations of different waveforms.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, starting with a function that has a certain number of steps, and then optimizing it.

Wait, the initial_h_values could be a starting point. Maybe we can take that and perform a more refined optimization.

But the previous code already starts with that. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is stuck in a local minimum. To avoid that, perhaps using a different optimization algorithm or multiple starting points.

Alternatively, using a different constraint handling. The current code uses an equality constraint for the integral. Maybe introducing inequality constraints or other methods.

Wait, the code uses SLSQP which is suitable for equality constraints. The problem is that the objective is non-convex, so local minima are a concern.

Another idea: perhaps using a different evaluation method. For example, instead of computing the maximum over all k, maybe using a different approximation. But that's not feasible since the problem specifically requires the maximum over all k.

Alternatively, consider that for the overlap integral, the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of certain intervals. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts.

But how to determine those shifts without knowing the optimal h? It's tricky.

Another approach is to use a metaheuristic approach like simulated annealing, which can escape local minima. However, scipy does not have a built-in simulated annealing solver, so that's not directly applicable.

But the previous code uses DE and SLSQP. Maybe combining them more effectively. For example, using DE to explore the space and then refine with SLSQP, as the code does.

Wait, the code runs DE multiple times, then refines. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations or changing the parameters could help. For example, using a lower mutation rate or higher population size.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. The previous code generated guesses using various functions, but maybe adding more types of initial guesses could help. For example, using a sawtooth with varying frequencies, or other waveforms.

Another idea is to use a more optimal initial guess. For instance, using a function that has a certain symmetry or periodicity. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit, so that shifts by 0.5 would create overlaps that can be controlled.

But how to create such a function algorithmically? For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals alternating with 0, spaced in a way that minimizes overlap when shifted by 0.5.

Alternatively, considering that the interval [0,2] can be divided into parts, and the function h is constructed to have certain properties in each part.

But again, this is abstract. To implement it numerically, we need a way to define h.

Another thought: the previous code uses n=45. Maybe trying smaller n could be better. But the problem states that smaller n is preferred, but the current code uses n=45. Wait, the initial_h_values has n=45 samples. So maybe trying a larger n could give a better result, but that's not allowed. The code is supposed to use up to 1k samples, but smaller is better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different n than the initial one. However, the code uses initial_h_values which is for n=45. So changing n would require generating a different initial guess.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, so maybe we should stick to that.

So, the plan is: improve the optimization strategy, try more initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms, and possibly refine the solution with more iterations.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, especially ones that are more diverse, can help escape local minima.

Alternatively, using a random walk approach where each step generates a small perturbation of the current solution. But that might be too slow without proper algorithms.

Another idea: use a different objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe minimize some average of the correlations, but that's not the problem's requirement. The problem requires the maximum to be as small as possible.

Hmm. So perhaps the key is to find a way to better explore the solution space. Maybe using a combination of global and local search methods.

Another possible adjustment: in the previous code, the DE runs with a population size of 60 and maxiter=60. Maybe increasing the maxiter would allow better exploration. However, this uses time, so within the budget.

Alternatively, using a different mutation and recombination strategy for DE.

Also, the DE is called multiple times (5 times), which could be adjusted. Maybe reducing the number of DE runs but increasing the iterations per run.

Alternatively, tuning the parameters of the DE to get better results. For example, mutation bounds, recombination weights.

Another point: the code uses SLSQP after DE to refine the solution. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Wait, in the previous code, the refinement loop runs 10 times. Each time it runs SLSQP with 200 iterations. Maybe increasing that would help, but within the time budget.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum correlation. However, computing the maximum for all shifts is O(n^2). For n=45, that's manageable. But the code uses the correlate function, which is efficient.

But perhaps there's a way to approximate the maximum correlation without evaluating all shifts. For example, focusing on shifts that are multiples of certain intervals. However, I don't think that's necessary here.

Another possible optimization is that the function h is a step function over [0,2]. The integral constraint is sum(h) * dx = 1. So, the sum of h must be n_points / 2.

In the previous code, they use an initial guess and then refine it. The key might be to find a better initial guess, or to use more effective optimization techniques.

Perhaps trying a different initial guess that's not based on waveforms. For example, a random initialization that satisfies the sum constraint. But the code already includes a gen_random function.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps using a technique like the one used in radar signal processing to minimize the side lobes. However, I'm not familiar with exact methods for this.

Alternatively, considering that the problem resembles the design of a set of pulses with minimal cross-correlation. In communications, this is related to code design for CDMA, where cross-correlation is minimized. However, I'm not sure about the exact application here.

But maybe there are known constructions for such problems. For example, using a binary sequence with certain properties. However, the function h here is real (between 0 and 1), not binary.

But perhaps using a binary construction and then optimizing it further.

Alternatively, trying to use a greedy approach: start with some initial configuration, then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

For example, in each step, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this might get stuck in local minima, but could be implemented with a local optimizer.

This is similar to a hill climbing approach. However, this could be time-consuming.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to improve the existing code by adjusting parameters and exploring more diverse initial guesses.

So, here's an idea: instead of generating guesses based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangle functions, generate more initial guesses by varying parameters, or using different patterns.

For example, trying different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles, or generating random permutations of 0s and 1s (with the sum constraint) and then optimizing.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: start with the initial guess, then perform a few iterations of DE, then refine with SLSQP.

But how to implement this in code.

Another thought: the current code uses 45 points. What if we try a larger n? Maybe that could give a better result, but the problem says that smaller is preferred. However, if using a larger n is allowed, perhaps it's worth trying. But since the initial_h_values is for n=45, it might be better to keep n around that.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code could use a more effective optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach. But scipy doesn't have that, but maybe using a surrogate model is too complex.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But again, scipy doesn't have that in the default library. The code uses differential_evolution, which is a DE-based algorithm.

So, perhaps the best way is to tune the DE parameters, increase the number of iterations, and try more initial guesses.

In the previous code, the DE is called 5 times. Maybe increasing that number could help, but it uses more time. Within the budget, it's possible.

Also, in the refine step, the previous code runs 10 times. Maybe increasing that number, but again, it's time-sensitive.

But given that the code is already using DE and SLSQP, perhaps the main improvement is to generate more diverse initial guesses.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated using pulses, sawtooths, and triangles with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as combinations of waves, or random patterns, could help.

Another idea: using a combination of the initial_h_values and other guesses. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly and using it as an initial guess for optimization.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's more spread out. For example, a function that has more peaks, distributing the 1s evenly.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in intervals spaced periodically. For example, for a function that is 1 in the first interval, then 0, then 1, etc. But the exact spacing would need to be determined.

But this is similar to the initial guesses that the code already uses, like the pulse functions.

Another idea: trying to use a more complex structure, such as a multi-frequency wave, but that might not be feasible without more computational resources.

Perhaps the main change needed is to increase the number of DE iterations and refine steps. Let me try modifying the code to have more DE runs and more refinement steps.

In the previous code, DE is run 5 times. Let's say we run DE more times, say 10 times. Also, increasing the maxiter for DE to 80, and increasing the refinement steps to 20.

But this would take more time. The budget is 100 seconds. So, the initial code has DE with 60 iterations and 5 runs. Let's see: each DE run takes some time, but the code has a check to break if time is up.

Alternatively, maybe reducing the number of DE runs but increasing the maxiter.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different mutation and recombination strategy. For example, increasing the mutation rate or changing the parameters.

In the code, the DE parameters are mutation=(0.5, 0.9), which means the mutation factor is between 0.5 and 0.9. Perhaps adjusting this to a lower value would allow for more controlled exploration.

Alternatively, trying different parameters for the DE.

Another thought: in the previous code, the initial guesses include the initial_h_values. This is crucial, as starting from a good initial guess can lead to better results. Perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, and we should focus on refining it further.

In that case, maybe the code can be optimized by using more iterations of the refinement step.

So, putting it all together, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate a variety of initial guesses, including pulses, sawtooths, triangles, and random ones.

3. Run DE with more iterations or different parameters.

4. Refine the best solution with SLSQP for more iterations.

5. Ensure that the code is optimized to fit within the 100 seconds budget.

Additionally, perhaps adding more initial guesses, such as those with different waveforms or patterns.

Another possible adjustment: since the previous code's best result is 0.38114, and the target is 0.380876, the improvement needed is about 0.00026. To achieve that, the code needs to find a slightly better solution.

Perhaps using a more effective refinement step. For example, in the refinement loop, after finding a better solution, perform more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the refinement. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method in SLSQP, which is more efficient.

But the code currently uses SLSQP.

Another idea: Check if the code is correctly computing the overlap integral. For example, ensuring that the dx is correctly applied. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlations for all shifts, and then multiplies by dx. This should be correct.

Now, to implement the code with these improvements, the code would need to:

- Use the initial_h_values.

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.

- Run DE multiple times with different parameters.

- Refine the solution with SLSQP for more iterations.

- Be efficient in time usage, breaking early if time is up.

So, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values.

- Generate additional initial guesses using different methods.

- Use DE with adjusted parameters (e.g., higher population size, more iterations).

- Run DE multiple times, and track the best solution.

- Refine the best solution with SLSQP for more iterations.

Also, make sure that the code does not exceed the time budget.

Now, coding that into the Python function. The previous code structure is similar, but with some adjustments.

For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, adjusting DE parameters, and increasing refinement steps.

So, modifying the code to have more initial guesses, like adding more frequencies and duty cycles, and using more DE runs with more iterations.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, placed in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, placing the 1s in non-overlapping intervals, but considering the shift.

But this is similar to the pulse function already in the code.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would involve:

- More diverse initial guesses.

- Adjusting DE parameters.

- More refinement steps with SLSQP.

The code would look similar to the previous one but with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(3, 16):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(4, duty))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=70,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.85), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(8):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```