<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

The problem requires finding a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h maps to [0,1].

The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. It tried various patterns like pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe I can improve this by trying different strategies.

Hmm, one idea is to use more structured patterns. Maybe using a combination of different waveforms could lead to better overlap. Alternatively, perhaps a more mathematical approach, like using Fourier analysis or optimization techniques with more constraints.

Wait, the previous code used a fixed initial guess. If I can find a better initial guess, maybe I can escape local minima. But how?

Another thought: instead of relying on random guesses, perhaps I can use a grid search over parameters. For example, if the optimal function has certain symmetries or periodicity, I can parameterize it accordingly.

Also, the previous code had a lot of guesses, but maybe focusing on specific families of functions could yield better results. For example, using a piecewise linear function with specific breakpoints.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts, maybe I can model this as a minimax problem. The goal is to minimize the maximum integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). 

But how to optimize this? Maybe using gradient-based methods with constraints. Alternatively, since the problem is non-convex, perhaps using simulated annealing or other global optimization techniques could help.

Wait, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. Maybe I can tweak the parameters of differential evolution to make it more efficient. Or perhaps use a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global optimization to find a good initial guess, then use local optimization to refine it.

Also, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. Maybe using a combination of different optimization steps: initial global search with DE, then local refinement with SLSQP.

Another idea: since the problem has a periodicity of 2, maybe the optimal function has some repetition or symmetry. For example, a function that is periodic with period 1, or some other pattern.

But how to enforce that? It might complicate the optimization, but perhaps using constraints on the function's values could help.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal function can be approximated by a combination of basis functions, like wavelets or splines. Then the problem reduces to finding coefficients for these basis functions that minimize the overlap integral.

Wait, the problem is similar to designing a signal that has minimal cross-correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence. Maybe using techniques from coding theory or signal processing could help here.

In coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are used for things like radar and communications. Perhaps there's existing literature on optimal sequences for similar problems.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy algorithm: iteratively adjust the function to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, at each step, find the shift k that gives the maximum overlap and adjust the function to reduce that overlap.

But how to implement this? It's a bit vague. Maybe using a gradient descent approach where the gradient is computed with respect to the overlap.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code, trying different optimization strategies and initial guesses.

Looking back at the previous code, it tried several generated functions as initial guesses. Maybe expanding that set could help. For example, adding more waveforms or parametrizing certain aspects.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For instance, starting with a function that has more balanced distributions of 0s and 1s.

Another thought: Since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function should have a roughly 50% density of 1s. Maybe a function that is a shifted version of a known optimal sequence.

Wait, the current initial_h_values have 45 samples. Maybe trying a coarser grid would be better? Or maybe a finer grid?

Wait, the user said smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code uses n=45. But the problem is that with fewer samples, the function may not be able to capture the optimal structure. So perhaps using a larger n could help, but the time budget is limited. However, the user might have said that smaller sequences are better for speed. So maybe using n=45 is already acceptable.

Alternatively, trying a different n. For example, using n=60 or n=90. But how does that affect the optimization time? The code must run within 100 seconds, so perhaps the previous code's n=45 is acceptable.

So, what can be changed in the existing code? Maybe improving the initial guesses, or changing the optimization parameters.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution was run with 5 iterations, and then refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or using different parameters for the optimizer.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, using Bayesian optimization for the initial search, then SLSQP for refinement.

But with time constraints, perhaps the main improvement is to adjust the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Another idea: instead of generating random guesses, use a more systematic approach. For example, generate functions that have specific patterns, like multiple pulses with varying widths and positions.

Alternatively, using a Fourier series approach. Since the problem involves convolution, perhaps decomposing h into its frequency components and optimizing coefficients to minimize the overlap.

But this might be complex. Let's think about the overlap integral. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h), evaluated at shift k. The maximum of this cross-correlation over all k is the value we want to minimize.

So, the problem reduces to designing h such that its cross-correlation with (1 - h) is minimized in the maximum sense.

Wait, the cross-correlation of h and (1-h) is the same as the convolution of h with (1-h) reversed. But for the maximum over all shifts, perhaps we can model this as a constraint.

But how to minimize the maximum value of this cross-correlation? It's a challenging optimization problem.

Another approach: since the cross-correlation is maximized at certain shifts, perhaps the optimal function has low peaks in its cross-correlation. Maybe using a function that is designed to have equal spreading of its 1s so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

For example, if the function h is a periodic sequence with low autocorrelation. But how to construct such a function?

Alternatively, think of h as a binary signal (though it's a step function, not necessarily binary), but with values between 0 and 1. Maybe using a randomized version of a low autocorrelation sequence.

Wait, the optimal C₅ is related to the problem of minimizing the maximum overlap. For binary sequences, the minimal maximum overlap is related to the concept of "balanced" sequences.

But since h is a real-valued function, perhaps there's a way to construct it with smooth transitions that avoid peaks.

Another idea: use a function that is piecewise constant with certain periodicity. For example, a function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but shifted in a way that the overlap when shifted is minimized. However, such a simple function may not be optimal.

The current initial guess may be a good starting point. So perhaps the previous code's approach of generating initial guesses based on different waveforms is a good way to start. However, the code could be modified to explore more possibilities.

In the previous code, the guesses include pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves with varying frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more types of waveforms could help. For example, square waves, or more complex waveforms generated by combining multiple functions.

Alternatively, using a parametrized function that can be optimized. For example, a function that has multiple segments with specific parameters, such as the number of pulses, their widths, and positions.

But generating such functions algorithmically might be complex, especially with the time constraints.

Another idea: instead of using differential evolution and SLSQP, try using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm with elitism to preserve the best solutions found so far.

But given the time, perhaps the main improvements are to optimize the existing approach by tweaking parameters and increasing the number of guesses or refinement steps.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code starts with initial_h_values, then generates several guesses, applies SLSQP and DE optimization, and refines. Perhaps increasing the number of guesses or the number of iterations of DE and refinement could help find a better solution.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for DE and refinement. Maybe adjusting those numbers, or adding more sophisticated parameters, could lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: when using SLSQP, the constraints are handled via the 'eq' constraint. Maybe adding inequality constraints to ensure that h remains within [0,1] could help, but the previous code already uses bounds for that.

Alternatively, using a different solver. For example, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, but maybe switching to a different solver like IPOPT or another method would provide better results.

But given the time, it's better to stick with scipy's solvers.

Another idea: perhaps the initial guess is not the best. The code uses initial_h_values, but if that's a suboptimal starting point, then adding more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, generating more random guesses or using a different structure.

But how to generate more diverse guesses? The code already adds some structured ones. Maybe generating more random ones and more parametrized functions.

Alternatively, using a grid search over parameters for certain waveforms. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of pulses and sawtooth waves.

Another approach: since the overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the cross-correlation, maybe the optimal function has minimal overlap for the most critical shifts. For example, if the function is designed so that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized.

But how to find these critical shifts? It might be challenging without knowing the optimal function.

In the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it runs DE and then refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of DE iterations or the number of refinement steps could help.

Also, the code's time tracking is done by checking if it's near the budget, but maybe it can be optimized to run more thoroughly before stopping.

Another possible improvement: using a combination of different optimizers. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then using SLSQP to refine it further. This is already what the code does, but maybe increasing the number of iterations.

Additionally, the code uses a 'refine' step with SLSQP. But the number of refinement steps is limited. Increasing this might lead to better results.

Now, putting all these thoughts into code changes. Let's think about modifying the existing code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more waveforms or varying parameters.
2. Increase the number of DE iterations and refinement steps.
3. Adjust the parameters of the optimization solvers (like maxiter, ftol).
4. Use more efficient methods for the initial guesses.

But given the code's structure, how to modify it?

For example, in the guesses section, adding more generated functions. Also, adjusting the DE and refinement steps.

Another idea: using parallel optimization steps, but with the available CPUs, it's limited to one.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Increase the number of guesses, perhaps by adding more generated functions with varying parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations for DE and refinement.
- Adjust the DE parameters to allow more exploration.
- Use a different method for the initial optimization steps.

Also, perhaps the initial_h_values is not the best starting guess, but with the current code, it's used. So, if the code can generate better initial guesses, that would help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, like a function with multiple pulses placed in a way that they are spread out to minimize overlap.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically? For example, generating a function with a certain number of pulses, each with different widths and positions.

But given the time, maybe the code can be adjusted to use more structured initial guesses.

Another consideration: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. Therefore, perhaps the optimal function has a certain structure where the overlap is approximately the same for all k. This is similar to a function that is "flat" in its overlap properties.

In that case, maybe the function h is designed to have uniform distribution of 1s over the interval. However, since the integral is 1, the average value is 0.5. But how to arrange the 1s to minimize the maximum overlap?

Perhaps using a sinusoidal function that modulates between 0 and 1, leading to a more uniform distribution. For example, a sine wave that is 0.5 on average.

But this is similar to the sawtooth or triangle wave examples in the previous code.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, perhaps:

- Expand the set of generated initial guesses.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization functions for better convergence.

So, modifying the existing code to include more guesses and adjust the parameters. For example, adding more pulses with different frequencies and duty cycles, or other waveforms.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with 5 iterations, and then refinement steps. Maybe increasing the number of DE iterations.

Moreover, the code can use more structured waveforms. For example, generating functions with multiple overlapping pulses or using more complex patterns.

Another idea: the code uses a fixed n_points (45), but perhaps using a different n_points could lead to better results. However, the user might have said that smaller sequences are preferred, but the current code uses 45 samples. Maybe trying with a different n_points (like 60 or 90) could help? However, that would require changes to the code, which may not fit the constraints.

Alternatively, using the same n_points but optimizing more thoroughly.

In terms of code modifications, here's what I can do:

1. Expand the initial guesses to include more waveforms and parameters.
2. Increase the number of DE iterations and refinement steps.
3. Adjust the DE parameters to allow for more exploration.
4. Use more refined initial guesses based on the existing patterns.

For example, adding more generated pulses and sawtooth waves with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Also, in the code, the DE is run with 5 iterations. Increasing that to 10 or more might help. Similarly, increasing the refinement steps.

Another thing: the code uses the same initial_h_values and generates other guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best, so generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

So, modifying the code's guess generation to include more possibilities.

Another idea: using a Gaussian function as an initial guess. However, the code is for step functions, so maybe a function that has a Gaussian shape modulated between 0 and 1.

But generating such a function would require a formula. For example, h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * exp(-k * (x - a)^2), but this is more complex.

Alternatively, using a combination of piecewise linear segments.

But perhaps the code can generate more structured waveforms. For example, generating a sum of sine waves with different frequencies and phases.

But this may be complex to implement.

In the interest of time, let's focus on expanding the initial guesses in the existing code.

So, in the guesses section, adding more pulses and sawtooth waves with different parameters. For example, adding more frequencies and duty cycles.

For example:

for freq in range(1, 6):
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))

for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]:
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))

This would generate more initial guesses. Also, adding more random guesses.

But how does this affect the code's structure? The code already has loops for frequencies and duties.

Additionally, the code can add more random guesses. For example, increasing the number of random guesses from 5 to 10.

Then, in the DE step, increasing the number of iterations from 5 to 10, and the refinement steps from 20 to 50.

Also, adjusting the DE parameters like mutation and recombination rates.

Another idea: in the code, the differential evolution's maxiter is set to 80. That's a lot, but maybe increasing it could help. However, the code already checks the time budget and stops when near the end.

In terms of code structure, modifying the guess generation to add more possibilities, increasing DE iterations, and increasing refinement steps.

Additionally, in the 'refine' step, which runs SLSQP with 150 iterations, perhaps increasing that to 200 would allow for better convergence.

But with the time constraint, increasing these steps might not be feasible. However, given that the code is allowed to run up to 100 seconds, perhaps these adjustments are worth trying.

Putting this into code changes:

Modify the guess generation to include more variations. For example, in the original code, the guesses are generated with freq in range(1,4) and certain duty cycles. Now expanding that.

Also, in the DE step, allowing more iterations.

Another thing: the code uses slsqp_guess, which applies SLSQP with 150 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps.

Another idea: the current objective function is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. But the cross-correlation may have multiple peaks. So, the optimization process might get stuck in a local minimum. Using a more thorough exploration could help.

In summary, the improvements to the code would involve:

- More diverse initial guesses.
- Increased number of optimization iterations.
- Adjusted parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.

Now, translating this into code changes:

The overall structure remains similar to the previous code, but with more initial guesses, increased DE iterations, and more refinement steps.

Also, the code can use the initial_h_values as an initial guess, but with the new guesses added.

Finally, ensuring that the code stays within the token limits and runs within the time budget.

Now, writing the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)

    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in range(1, 6):
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6]:
            guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, duty))
            guesses.append(gen_triangle(freq, duty))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(gen_random())

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def de_guess():
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        return res.x

    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        h_opt = de_guess()
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(h_opt)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 250, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r

    for _ in range(50):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```