<think>
Okay, so I need to come up with an improved strategy for finding a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approaches used population-based optimization with L-BFGS-B and some spectral methods. But I need something different. Let me think... 

The problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is a non-convex optimization problem. The current methods might be getting stuck in local optima. Maybe I can use a different optimization framework, like coordinate descent or a more structured search. Also, the initial approach used random perturbations, which might not be efficient. Perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better initialization or incorporating some prior knowledge about the optimal h function.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. So, the h function should be designed such that when you shift it, the overlap with its complement is minimized. Intuitively, this suggests that h should be as "balanced" as possible, spreading out its 1s and 0s to avoid large overlaps. Maybe using a periodic structure with certain symmetries could help. 

Another thought: the problem's constraints require the integral of h over [0, 2] to be 1. So, the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the function h(x) should be a 50% duty cycle function, but with some variation to minimize overlaps. Maybe using a piecewise constant function, like a series of pulses spaced in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. 

But how to model this? Perhaps using a Fourier series approach. Since the problem has periodic boundary conditions (due to the convolution), maybe the optimal h is a periodic function. Expanding h in terms of Fourier series could allow us to find coefficients that minimize the overlap. However, since h is constrained between 0 and 1, this might complicate things. Alternatively, maybe a wavelet-based approach or some other transform.

Another idea: the overlap integral is related to the autocorrelation of h. So, maybe minimizing the maximum of the autocorrelation function. But the problem is not exactly the same as minimizing the autocorrelation, because the overlap is between h and 1-h. Wait, the overlap integral is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, it's like the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, but adjusted for the shift. 

But maybe we can rephrase the problem in terms of the autocorrelation of h. Let me think: the integral ∫h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as ∫h(x) dx - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. The first term is the integral of h, which is 1. The second term is the cross-correlation (or autocorrelation if h were 1-h). So, C₅ is the maximum over k of 1 - ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation ∫h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. 

But the cross-correlation here is the integral over x of h(x)h(x + k). So, to minimize C₅, we need to maximize the minimum of these cross-correlations. Wait, but the question is to minimize the maximum value of 1 - this cross-correlation, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation. So, we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation over all lags k. That might be a more manageable formulation. However, the problem is non-convex, and maximizing the minimum is challenging.

Alternatively, since the problem is non-convex, maybe using a convex relaxation. For example, assuming that h is a binary function (0 or 1), then the cross-correlation would be the number of overlaps. However, the binary case might not be feasible due to the integral constraint. But perhaps using a convex relaxation where h is a probability distribution, and then applying some optimization techniques.

But the problem requires h to be a step function, so maybe a binary-like structure. However, the current approach uses continuous values. Maybe a better initialization can be found by using a pattern that spreads out the 1s and 0s evenly. For example, using a periodic function with period 2, where the function is 1 for a fraction of the time and 0 otherwise, creating a pattern that shifts over different intervals.

Another approach could be to use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial h that satisfies the integral constraint, then iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For instance, at each step, identify the lag that currently gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, using a gradient descent approach where the gradient is computed with respect to the overlap integral. But since the overlap is a max over different lags, the gradient might be complex to compute. However, maybe using a subgradient approach or approximate gradients could be feasible.

Let me think about the previous strategies. The first strategy used population-based optimization with L-BFGS-B, which may not be efficient. The second one tried spectral initialization and block coordinate descent. Both are iterative methods that may not explore the search space effectively.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a combination of global and local optimization techniques. For example, start with a structured initialization that spreads the 1s evenly, then use a local optimization method to refine it. The key is to find a good initial guess that avoids local optima.

Wait, the initial h_values provided is a starting point. Maybe leveraging that structure and then refining it. But if the initial guess is not good, the optimization could get stuck. So, the challenge is to find a good initialization.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (or step function) with certain autocorrelation properties. In coding theory, sequences with low autocorrelation are used for things like spread spectrum communications. Maybe applying techniques from those fields could help. For example, using a Barker sequence, which has optimal autocorrelation properties. However, Barker sequences are typically binary and have specific lengths, so adapting them to the problem's constraints may be necessary.

But since the problem allows h to be a step function with values between 0 and 1, perhaps a binary sequence can be used as an initial guess. However, the integral constraint requires that the sum of h is 1 over [0, 2], which for a binary sequence would mean exactly half of the interval is 1 and the other half is 0. So, a binary sequence with 50% 1s and 50% 0s could be a starting point.

But how to design such a sequence to minimize the maximum overlap. For instance, using a sequence where the 1s are placed as evenly as possible. For example, if we have n_points samples, placing the 1s every other sample. But this would lead to overlaps of 0.5 at certain lags. However, the optimal solution is likely more complex.

Alternatively, using a more randomized approach where the 1s are placed with certain spacing. For instance, using a Poisson distribution to spread out the 1s. However, this might not be feasible with the integral constraint.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. Let's consider that the maximum overlap occurs at certain lags. For example, if the function is symmetric and periodic, the maximum overlap could be at lags that are multiples of the period. So, designing the function to have minimal overlap at those key lags.

But again, how to translate that into a practical algorithm.

Let me think about the objective function again. The overlap integral is the maximum over all lags k of the integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this can be considered as the integral of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the first integral is 1, we need to minimize the maximum over k of 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, equivalently, we want to maximize the minimum over k of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx.

Therefore, the problem becomes finding a function h with ∫h = 1 that maximizes the minimal cross-correlation at any lag. This seems like a challenging optimization problem, but perhaps we can model it as a max-min problem.

If we consider the cross-correlation ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx, for k varying over the interval [0, 2], this value depends on the spatial correlation of h. To maximize the minimal value, h needs to be spread out to ensure that at every lag, the overlap between h and itself is as large as possible. Wait, but that's contradictory. If we want to maximize the minimal overlap, we need to have a function that is as "balanced" as possible. For example, if h is a constant function (h=0.5), then the cross-correlation would be 0.25 for all k. However, this would lead to a C5 value of 1 - 0.25 = 0.75, which is worse than the target of 0.38. So, the constant function is not optimal. On the other hand, a function that is more localized but spread out might have lower max overlaps.

This suggests that the optimal h is a balance between local concentration and global spread. For instance, if h has a periodic structure with certain intervals where it is 1 and 0, alternating in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

Maybe the key is to model the problem as a non-convex optimization problem and use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm that can handle the non-convexity better. For example, using a genetic algorithm with good mutation and crossover strategies. However, genetic algorithms may be too slow for large n_points. But given the budget of 600 seconds, perhaps it's manageable with careful tuning.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, which can explore the search space more thoroughly but may be slower. 

But given the previous strategies, which used L-BFGS-B and population-based methods, perhaps a new angle is needed. Let me think again about the Fourier transform approach. If the function h is periodic, its Fourier transform might have certain properties that can be exploited. 

The cross-correlation of h with itself is the convolution of h with its time-reversed version. So, if we can find h such that its Fourier transform has minimal peaks at certain frequencies, the cross-correlation might be minimized. However, since the overlap is over all lags, we need to ensure that the cross-correlation is as flat as possible.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem. Maybe using the Fourier coefficients to parameterize h. For example, truncate the series to a certain number of terms and solve for those coefficients. However, ensuring that the function stays within [0,1] is challenging.

Alternatively, using a variational approach. Assume that h is a function that can be represented as a sum of basis functions, and then optimize the coefficients to minimize the overlap. For instance, using a basis like sine and cosine waves, and then solving for the coefficients. However, this would require careful handling of the constraints.

Another thought: since the overlap integral can be written in terms of the integral of h(x) and the cross-correlation term, maybe using a dual optimization approach. For example, we could minimize the maximum overlap by introducing Lagrange multipliers for each lag, but this would lead to an intractable number of constraints.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs for a specific lag, and try to minimize that particular overlap. But this is a greedy approach and might not lead to the global minimum.

Perhaps the solution lies in using a structured initialization based on known optimal structures for similar problems, such as the binary sequences with good correlations. For example, using a Frank-Zadoff-Chu sequence, which has low autocorrelation. However, these sequences are typically used for specific lengths, and adapting them to the problem's constraints might require some modification.

Wait, the problem allows the function h to be a step function with values between 0 and 1. So, maybe using a binary structure where the 1s are placed in a way that minimizes autocorrelation. For example, a binary sequence with 1s placed at positions that are as spread out as possible, ensuring that when shifted, there's minimal overlap.

But how to create such a binary sequence. One idea is to use a greedy algorithm: start with an initial set of 1s, then iteratively adjust their placement to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this might not converge to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a more mathematical approach. The problem's constraints require that the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so for a binary sequence, the number of 1s would be n_points / 2. The placement of these 1s should be such that the cross-correlation is minimized. For a binary sequence, the cross-correlation at lag k is (number of positions where both h(x) and h(x+k) are 1) divided by the total number of positions. So, the problem becomes placing the 1s to minimize the maximum number of overlapping 1s at any lag.

This is similar to the problem of placing elements in a circular array to minimize the maximum overlap. In this case, the array is linear with length n_points, but the overlap is taken over the entire interval [0, 2], which when discretized, is the same as the circular overlap if we consider that the function wraps around. Therefore, the optimal placement is similar to the Golomb ruler problem or the problem of placing points to minimize overlapping distances.

However, solving this exactly is difficult for large n_points, but for small n, it could be done. Since the initial approach uses n_points = 45, which is manageable, perhaps we can generate a binary sequence with 22 or 23 ones (since n_points /2 is 22.5) placed as evenly as possible. This would result in minimal overlaps at all lags.

Once a binary sequence is generated, it can be used as the initial h, and then optimized further. However, the problem allows h to be non-binary, so maybe allowing some values between 0 and 1 can lead to better results. But if the binary approach works well, it might be a good starting point.

So, the plan could be:

1. Generate a binary sequence with approximately half 1s and half 0s, spaced as evenly as possible. This could be done using a method like the Sieve of Eratosthenes or some other algorithm that spreads elements uniformly.

2. Use this binary sequence as the initial guess for h. Then perform a local optimization to adjust the values to improve the overlap integral. This optimization would involve perturbing the values and adjusting them to minimize the maximum overlap, while ensuring the integral constraint is maintained.

3. Since the problem is non-convex, a combination of global and local search could be employed. For instance, starting with multiple structured initializations and then refining them with local optimization.

4. To handle the non-convexity, use a stochastic optimization method like simulated annealing or a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly.

But how to implement this in code with the given constraints. Let me structure this into the required strategy sections.

For the approach and rationale, the main idea would be to use a structured initialization with a binary sequence that minimizes autocorrelation, then refine it with a local optimization that adapts to the problem's constraints. This addresses the bottleneck of previous methods that relied on random perturbations and might have gotten stuck in local optima.

For the mathematical specification, the function h is represented as a vector in [0,1]^n with sum h = n/2. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are satisfied via normalization after each update.

The implementation procedure would involve generating the binary sequence, then applying a local optimization like L-BFGS-B, possibly with some adjustments. The code would need to handle the normalization step to ensure the sum constraint is met.

For the search choices, the binary sequence generation could be done with a specific algorithm, and the optimization parameters could be tuned. Variations might include different binary sequence generation methods or different optimization algorithms.

In terms of compute budget, the code would need to run the optimization within 600 seconds, possibly adjusting the number of iterations or the population size. Robustness checks would ensure that the initial binary sequence is valid and that the optimization doesn't violate constraints.

The final check would ensure that the returned h satisfies the constraints and that the objective is computed correctly.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The proposed strategy leverages a structured initialization using sparse binary pulses, combined with a hybrid optimization approach that combines gradient-based refinement and adaptive perturbation. Unlike prior methods that rely solely on random mutations, this approach explicitly constructs an initial configuration with minimal autocorrelation properties, inspired by error-correcting codes and spread-spectrum communication systems. The key innovation is using a recursive partitioning algorithm to design the initial sparse pulses, which are then refined via a constrained optimization to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. This addresses the critical bottleneck of previous methods: the tendency to get stuck in local optima due to unstructured initialization and insufficient exploration.

2. Mathematical specification
We represent h as a vector h ∈ [0,1]ⁿ with sum(h) = n/2. The objective is to minimize:
C₅ = max_k ( (1/n) * ∑_{i=0}^{n-1} h[i] * (1 - h[(i + k) % n]) )
This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the correlation between h and its complement across all lags. Constraints:
- 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- ∑ h[i] = n/2

The optimization is performed using a combination of:
- A structured initialization with binary pulses spaced to minimize autocorrelation
- A gradient-based optimizer (L-BFGS-B) with constraints
- Adaptive perturbation to escape local optima

The normalized gradient for the constraint ∑ h = n/2 is derived via Lagrange multipliers.

3. Implementation procedure
Input: initial_h_values (numpy array) and budget_s
Output: (h_values, c5_bound, n_points)

Steps:
1. Validate parent: Check n_points = len(initial_h_values), set dx = 2.0/n_points
2. Generate binary initial configuration:
   a. Calculate target number of 1s: m = n_points // 2 + (n_points % 2)
   b. Use a recursive partitioning algorithm to place 1s at positions that minimize cross-correlation:
      i. Initialize all h[i] = 0
      ii. Use a greedy algorithm to place the first 1 at position 0
      iii. For each subsequent 1, select the position that minimizes the current cumulative correlation with existing 1s
      iv. Repeat until m 1s are placed
3. Define normalization function:
   def normalize(x): return x * (n_points/2) / np.sum(x)
4. Optimization loop:
   a. Initialize population with the binary initial configuration and 3 perturbed versions
   b. For each candidate in population:
      i. Apply small Gaussian perturbations (σ=0.05) to all elements
      ii. Clip values to [0,1] and normalize to maintain sum constraint
      iii. Use L-BFGS-B to minimize the objective function with bounds [0,1]
          - Objective function: np.max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full')) * dx
          - Constraints: sum(h) = n_points/2
   c. Track best candidate and update population with new versions
   d. Apply adaptive perturbation: if a candidate's C5 increases, apply larger perturbations (σ=0.1)
5. Termination: Stop when time exceeds budget_s or after 200 iterations
6. Final validation: Ensure all entries in [0,1] and sum constraint is satisfied

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default configuration:
- Binary pulse generation: greedy algorithm with 0.05σ perturbations
- Population size: 4
- Perturbation magnitude: 0.05 (initial), 0.1 (for stuck candidates)
- Mutation rate: 0.3 (determines how often to apply perturbations)
- Optimization iterations: 200
- Tolerance for L-BFGS-B: 1e-6
- Time per iteration: ~3 seconds (600s / 200)

Variations:
- Increase perturbation magnitude for stuck candidates
- Use different pulse placement algorithms (e.g., spectral placement)
- Hybrid with simulated annealing for escaping local minima
- Adjust population size based on remaining budget

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimation:
- Binary pulse generation: O(n²) for greedy algorithm
- L-BFGS-B: ~3s per iteration with 4 candidates
- Total time: ~600s for 200 iterations with 4 candidates

Robustness:
- Fallback: Use binary initial configuration if no improvement
- If solver fails: retry with adjusted bounds
- Track best candidate at every iteration
- Use early stopping if no improvement for 5 iterations
- Validate all candidates against constraints (0<=h<=1, sum constraint)

6. Validation and return contract
Feasibility checks:
- All entries in [0,1]: np.all(0 <= h_values <= 1)
- Sum constraint: np.isclose(np.sum(h_values), n_points/2)
- Objective evaluation: np.max(np.correlate(h_values, 1-h_values, mode='full')) * dx

Sanity checks:
- Verify that returned C5 is finite
- Confirm that the optimization process maintained the length constraint
- Re-evaluate final candidate using the full correlation method

Implementation guarantees:
- All operations maintain the problem's original evaluation metric
- No constraints are violated in the final output
- The returned solution is derived solely from the specified algorithm
</strategy>