<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of different optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA, starting from an initial guess. My task is to come up with a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is about. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The lower this value, the better, as it gives a tighter upper bound on the Erdős constant.

The previous approach used several guesses, like pulse and sawtooth waves, and then optimized them. But maybe there's a better way to generate the initial guesses. Perhaps using different patterns or structures that might lead to lower overlap?

Also, the previous code had some optimization steps that might be too slow or not thorough enough. For example, differential evolution with a high population size might be resource-intensive. Maybe I should try a different optimization method or adjust parameters to make it faster.

Another thought: the problem has symmetry. Since the domain is [0, 2], maybe the optimal h is symmetric around 1. So perhaps generating symmetric patterns could be helpful. Also, using periodic functions or structures that tile well could help in distributing the mass of h to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess, perhaps use a more systematic approach. Like generating a grid of different patterns and testing them. Or using a genetic algorithm, where we evolve better solutions by combining and mutating existing ones. However, genetic algorithms can be slow and might not converge well without good parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the maximum overlap is related to the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation can be expressed as the convolution in the time domain, which is related to the Fourier transform of the product. But how can this help in finding the optimal h? Maybe using some frequency domain optimization, but I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Wait, the problem is a minimax optimization problem. So we need to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. This is a challenging problem as it's non-convex and the objective function is non-smooth. Therefore, using standard optimization methods might not work well, leading to local minima.

Perhaps the previous approach didn't explore enough diverse initial guesses. The guesses included pulses and sawtooths, but maybe there are other shapes that could be better. For example, functions with more complex patterns, like combinations of different pulses or using a learned structure.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So maybe the optimal h is a kind of 'balanced' function where it's 0.5 on average, but with regions where it's higher or lower to minimize the overlap. But how to structure that?

Also, the number of points n_points is important. The previous code used n=45. Maybe increasing n could allow for more precise optimization, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the user might be okay with a slightly larger n if it leads to a better bound. But the budget is tight, so I need to balance.

Wait, the problem says that for the run function, smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe starting with a lower number of points could be faster. But the current initial_h_values is 45 points. Maybe there's a better initial construction for a higher n_points that could lead to a better result.

Alternatively, perhaps there's a mathematical construction for the Erdős problem that's not yet considered. For example, maybe a function that's a combination of three different intervals where h is 0, 0.5, or 1 in a way that minimizes overlap. Or maybe some fractal-like pattern.

But I need to code this in Python. Let me think about the code structure. The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, COBYLA. Maybe I can try different optimization strategies. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing that from scratch might be complicated.

Alternatively, using gradient-based methods with better initial guesses. Or perhaps using a combination of different methods. For instance, starting with a grid search over parameters of certain functions, then optimizing.

Another thought: the cross-correlation for different shifts k. The maximum over k. So, perhaps the optimal function h should have minimal variance in the overlap across different shifts. Maybe designing h such that when shifted, the overlap is as uniform as possible.

But how to translate that into a function. Maybe using a function that's periodic with certain properties. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that shifts by that interval would have similar overlaps. However, the domain is [0, 2], so maybe designing a function that's symmetric or has certain symmetries.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a step function with multiple steps. Like, dividing the interval [0,2] into several segments where h is 0, 0.5, or 1. But how to choose the positions and widths of these segments to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the integral is fixed, perhaps the optimal function is a combination of overlapping intervals where the function is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a pattern that's as spread out as possible.

But this is vague. Let me think about the code again. The previous code used several initial guesses. Maybe I should try different types of functions for the initial guesses. For example, instead of pulses and sawtooths, perhaps using a more complex structure.

Wait, the previous code generated guesses with different frequencies and duties. Maybe trying more diverse functions. For example, including functions that are combinations of multiple pulses, or functions with different duty cycles.

Alternatively, using functions that are piecewise constant with more segments. But generating such functions algorithmically could be done with NumPy's linspace and other functions.

Another thought: the code's differential evolution step might be too slow. Maybe using a smaller population size or fewer iterations to save time. Also, the refinement steps with COBYLA might not be sufficient.

Maybe I can split the optimization process into two stages: first, a global search using a method like differential evolution to find a good region, then a local optimization with SLSQP to refine it. This is what the previous code did, but perhaps adjusting parameters can improve it.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial search. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a custom mutation and crossover. But implementing that might take time.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum value, perhaps using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum value, but with penalties added for violating the constraints. However, the constraints are already handled via the equality constraint in the optimization.

Wait, in the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation, and the constraints are the integral of h equals 1. So when optimizing, we need to minimize this max value.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient method for computing the maximum value. Since the cross-correlation is calculated over all shifts k, perhaps precomputing the possible shifts and finding the maximum quickly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function. For example, vectorizing the computation or avoiding redundant calculations.

But the previous code already uses np.correlate, which is vectorized, so that's probably already efficient.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code starts with an initial guess, then tries several other guesses (like pulses and sawtooths), optimizes them with SLSQP, then runs differential evolution, then some refinement steps.

Maybe the issue is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the previous code used pulses with frequencies 3-8 and sawtooths with duty cycles 0.2-0.5. Perhaps expanding this set or adding more types of functions.

Another idea: creating a more structured initial guess. For example, a function that is a combination of several pulses spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. Or using a function that's a periodic extension of a certain pattern.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but that might not be as effective as structured ones.

Also, the previous code used a fixed number of points. Maybe trying different n_points values. For example, starting with a higher n_points (like 50 or 60) could allow for more precise control, but the code must run within the time budget. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking with 45 points.

Another possible improvement is to use multiple initial guesses with different parameters, then perform a local optimization on each, choosing the best result. This is what the previous code did, but perhaps adding more guesses.

Wait, the initial code's guesses included pulses and sawtooths with various parameters. Maybe adding more types of functions, like triangular waves, or functions with varying slopes.

Alternatively, using a function that's a combination of a pulse and a triangle wave, or some other composite function.

But how to generate these algorithmically.

Another approach: use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing. But that could be slow and might not converge quickly.

Alternatively, try to use the fact that the maximum overlap is related to the Fourier transform. For example, the cross-correlation is the convolution, and the maximum value would correspond to the highest frequency component. However, I'm not sure how to translate this into a function design.

Alternatively, consider that for a given h, the maximum overlap is the maximum value of the cross-correlation. To minimize this, the function h should be as "spread out" as possible, avoiding any periodic or regular structures that could create peaks in the cross-correlation.

So, maybe a function that is a combination of multiple steps, each spaced to avoid creating overlapping regions when shifted. For example, a step function with multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But how to design such a function.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. We need to place regions where h is 1 such that any shift by k results in minimal overlap. This resembles covering the interval [0,2] with regions where the function is 1, and ensuring that for any shift k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized.

But I'm not sure how to translate this into an algorithm.

Perhaps looking for existing mathematical results or constructions for the Erdős problem. However, since this is a programming task, I need to focus on code.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses the 'initial_h_values' which is a starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess would help. The current initial guess is a 45-point array. Perhaps generating a more structured initial guess that's already closer to the optimal.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, such as a function that's a combination of multiple pulses. For example, a function that has three pulses spaced in a certain way.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess based on symmetry. For example, splitting the interval [0, 2] into three equal parts, setting h to 1 in the middle part and 0 otherwise. But that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that's periodic with a period that divides 2. For example, using a pattern that repeats every 1 unit, which could be optimized.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to design a good initial guess.

Another thought: the previous code used a 'refine' step with COBYLA, which is a derivative-free optimization method. Maybe using other methods for refinement, like Nelder-Mead.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using the 'BFGS' method with bounds, but it requires gradients. The objective function is the max of the cross-correlation, which is non-smooth, so gradients might be problematic.

But in practice, the code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints and bounds. However, the objective is non-smooth, which could cause issues in convergence.

Perhaps using a different approach for the initial guesses. For instance, generating random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint, then optimizating them.

But generating random guesses requires that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. So for a random guess, we can generate a random array of values between 0 and 1, then scale them to meet the sum requirement.

However, this could be time-consuming, but maybe using a few random initial guesses could lead to better results.

Alternatively, combining several strategies: using structured initial guesses, random guesses, and others, then optimizing each with different methods.

But the code needs to be efficient given the time budget.

Another angle: the target is to get C₅ down to 0.380876. The current best is 0.38085. So the task is to get even slightly lower. Therefore, the code needs to explore regions very close to the optimal solution.

Maybe adding more refinement steps, or using a better optimization method for the refinement.

Alternatively, using a combination of differential evolution followed by local optimization. The previous code tried that, but perhaps adjusting parameters like population size or max iterations.

Another optimization idea: the cross-correlation can be computed more efficiently. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible lags. But since the domain is [0, 2], the maximum shift k is 2. But the code computes the maximum over all possible shifts, which may be redundant. For example, shifting by 2 would take the function to the end of the domain.

Wait, the maximum overlap is over all possible k. For each possible shift k, the overlap is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). But since the function is defined on [0,2], the shifting needs to be handled such that x + k is within [0,2] for x in [0,2]. Or is the function h extended periodically? I think in the original problem, the function is defined on [0,2], and the cross-correlation is computed for all possible k such that the overlap is defined. So for a given shift k, the overlap integral is from x=0 to 2 - k, assuming that x + k is within [0, 2]. Therefore, the possible values of k range from 0 to 2. But the code uses the full correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, when using np.correlate with mode 'full', it gives the cross-correlation for all lags, including those that shift beyond the domain. But in reality, for shifts beyond 2, the overlap would be zero. Therefore, the maximum overlap is indeed the maximum of the cross-correlation over all lags, but only for lags up to 2.

But how does this affect the computation? The code currently computes all possible lags, which includes those beyond 2. However, in practice, the maximum overlap is for lags in [0, 2]. Therefore, the code might be including some unnecessary computations, but it's not clear if that affects the result.

Another possible optimization is to only consider lags within [0, 2], which would reduce the size of the cross-correlation array. But this would require modifying the code to compute only the relevant lags, which could save computation time.

Alternatively, the current code uses the full cross-correlation and takes the maximum, which is correct. So that part is okay.

Now, considering the code's structure, perhaps the main issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So adding more diversity in the initial guesses and optimization methods could help.

So, my plan is to adjust the code by:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding more types of functions, like random piecewise functions, or functions based on different mathematical patterns.

2. Using different optimization methods and adjusting their parameters to explore better regions.

3. Increasing the number of refinement steps or using more efficient optimization methods for local refinement.

4. Possibly reducing the number of points to allow for faster computation, while still ensuring a good enough bound.

But how to implement this in code within the given constraints.

Let me think about generating more initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses and sawtooths, perhaps generating random guesses with certain patterns. For instance, randomizing the positions of steps in the function, ensuring the integral condition is met.

Alternatively, using a function that is a piecewise linear function with varying slopes, but it's complicated to generate algorithmically.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a base and then perturb it to generate new guesses. For example, adding small random variations to the initial guess, then optimizing them.

But how to implement that.

Alternatively, generating guesses based on different Fourier modes, but that might be too abstract.

Wait, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to:

- Include more initial guesses, such as random functions, and optimized guesses based on different patterns.

- Use a different optimization method for some steps, such as using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method for certain steps.

- Adjust the parameters of the existing methods to make them more effective.

Let me think about how to incorporate these changes.

In the previous code, there was a section where guesses were generated with different frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more guesses by generating random step functions with different configurations.

For example, creating a random guess where the function has a certain number of steps, placed randomly, with heights chosen to meet the integral constraint.

But generating such a guess would require some logic.

Alternatively, for the initial guesses, instead of using pulses and sawtooths, generate several different types of functions, like:

- A function with a single pulse, but with multiple positions and widths.

- A function with two pulses, spaced apart.

- A function with a random pattern.

But how to create these algorithmically.

Alternatively, use the following approach for generating initial guesses:

1. Use the initial_h_values as one guess.

2. Generate a few different pulse-based guesses with different frequencies and duties.

3. Generate a few random guesses where the function is a piecewise constant function with random segments.

But how to generate random piecewise functions.

An alternative approach for generating random guesses is to create a function that is a step function with a certain number of segments, where the positions are randomized, and the values are chosen to meet the integral constraint.

For example, split the interval [0,2] into m segments, assign a value to each segment (0 or 1, or 0.5), and adjust the lengths so that the total integral is 1.

However, this would require code to generate these segment-based functions.

But for the purposes of this code, perhaps generating a few random guesses by sampling from a uniform distribution, then normalizing to meet the integral condition.

For example:

def generate_random_guess(n_points):
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    h = h / np.sum(h) * (n_points / 2)
    return h

But this would give a value with a uniform distribution, but not necessarily a step function. However, it might be a starting point.

Alternatively, generate a step function with random segment widths and values. For example, create a random number of steps, then set the values to 1 or 0, and adjust the segment lengths to meet the integral constraint.

But this could be complex to implement.

Given time constraints, perhaps it's better to add more types of initial guesses. For example, include a few random guesses in addition to the existing ones.

Another idea: use the current guesses (pulses and sawtooths) and add a few random guesses. This increases the diversity of starting points.

So modifying the code to generate more guesses.

Another change could be to use a different optimization method for the refinement steps. For example, using SLSQP with more iterations, or using other local optimization methods.

Additionally, reducing the number of points might allow for faster computation. But the previous code uses n_points=45, which is within the smaller sequence recommendation. So maybe that's acceptable.

Another potential improvement is to use the 'fmincon' method from scipy.optimize, but the available solvers are limited to the ones listed.

In the previous code, the refinement step uses COBYLA. Perhaps using SLSQP for the refinement steps could be better, given that it can handle constraints and bounds.

Alternatively, combining methods: first using differential evolution for global search, then using SLSQP for local optimization.

Another thought: the code's current objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. This is a non-smooth function, so optimization methods that rely on gradients may not work well. However, methods like SLSQP may still be effective if the function is relatively smooth in certain regions.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective is modified to smooth the max function. But this would require estimating the max, which is non-trivial.

Another potential issue in the previous code is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough, and the differential evolution step may not explore the search space thoroughly. Hence, increasing the number of initial guesses or adding more varied initial configurations could help.

Let me try to code these ideas. The main changes would be:

- Generate more initial guesses, including random ones.

- Use a more efficient optimization method for the refinement steps.

- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution and other methods to better explore the search space.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution step is run twice, which might be sufficient, but perhaps increasing the number of iterations or population size could help.

But I need to make sure the code runs within the time budget of 100 seconds.

Another observation: the previous code uses 80 population size in differential evolution. Maybe reducing that size to save time, but could that lead to worse results? It's a trade-off.

Another idea: using a finer grid for the cross-correlation calculation. But I'm not sure.

Putting it all together, here's the plan for modifying the existing code:

1. Generate more initial guesses by adding random guesses to the list.

2. Use SLSQP with more iterations for the optimization steps.

3. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution to possibly have lower population sizes and fewer iterations but better exploration.

4. Add more refinement steps with different optimization methods.

5. Possibly reduce the number of points if that doesn't hurt the results much.

But how to implement this in code.

Let me try to implement these changes step by step.

First, generating random guesses:

In the previous code, there's a section where guesses are generated using pulses and sawtooths. We can add random guesses to this list.

For example:

    def generate_random_guess(n_points):
        # Create a random array with values between 0 and 1
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        # Normalize to meet the integral constraint
        target_sum = n_points / 2
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h

Then add guards like this to the guesses list.

However, generating random guesses might not be effective if they're not well-structured. But adding them alongside the structured guesses could increase diversity.

Second, adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, in the differential evolution step, reducing the population size and max iterations to save time, but keeping enough to explore.

Third, using SLSQP with more iterations or better settings.

Fourth, adding more refinement steps with COBYLA or other methods.

So integrating these into the code.

Another possible change: the code currently uses 'slsqp_guess' which runs SLSQP with 200 iterations. Increasing this could help convergence, but may take more time.

But the code has to respect the time budget. So perhaps keeping it at 200 iterations.

Another idea: use the random guesses as initial points for the optimization.

Now, writing the code with these changes.

In the code, after generating the initial guesses, adding random ones:

    for _ in range(5):
        guesses.append(generate_random_guess(n_points))

But need to define the generate_random_guess function.

Also, in the previous code, the 'generate_pulses' and 'generate_saw' functions are used. Adding the random guesses would increase the diversity.

Another possible optimization: use more diverse structured functions. For example, adding a pulse with varying frequencies, a triangle wave, or other functions.

But for now, adding the random guesses.

Now, integrating these into the code.

Another possible optimization is to use more efficient data structures. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation in a way that avoids recomputation each time. But with the given code, the objective function is computed each time, which is necessary.

Another idea: using a surrogate model or approximation to guide the optimization, but this is more complex.

Given all that, the modified code would include more initial guesses, possibly random ones, and adjust the optimization steps.

Now, translating this into code.

The existing code has a section where guesses are created. Adding the random guesses to that list.

Also, perhaps adjusting the 'slsqp_guess' function to use more iterations or better options.

Another possible change is to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method for refinement steps, but the previous code uses COBYLA.

Now, the final code would look something like this:

Define the run function with the same structure, but with more initial guesses, including random ones, and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.

To ensure that the code is under the token limit, the helper functions need to be compact. The code must not include long numeric literals, so the generate_random_guess function must be compact.

Now, implementing this in code.

Let me also think about the time budget. The previous code used differential evolution for 2 iterations with population size 80 and maxiter 40. If that's taking too much time, perhaps reducing the population size or maxiter could help, but the code might not explore enough.

But the user's previous code achieved a slightly better result, so the main change would be to add more initial guesses and possibly refine the optimization steps.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, so including it as a guess is important.

Putting all these thoughts into code, the modified code would have:

- More initial guesses, including random ones.

- Possibly more refinement steps.

- Adjusted optimization parameters.

So the final code would include these elements, with the hope that it finds a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.rand(n_points)
        h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
        return h
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 5, 7, 9]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.35, 0.5, 0.65, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for _ in range(6):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=25,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.8), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```