<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimizations, starting from initial_h_values. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. We need a function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1, and when you convolve it with (1 - h), the maximum value of the convolution (scaled by dx) is minimized. This maximum is the C₅ value we want to minimize.

The previous code starts with a given initial_h_values and tries different guesses, then refines them. But perhaps there's a better approach. Maybe using different algorithms or more efficient sampling?

Wait, the constraints are that h is a step function with n_points samples. The key is to find a h that when shifted and overlapped with itself, the maximum integral is as small as possible.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe I can try more diverse initial guesses, or adjust the optimization parameters. Also, perhaps using a different approach, like genetic algorithms or other metaheuristics?

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, creating a function that's symmetric or has certain periodic properties. Since the problem is about minimizing overlap, perhaps a function with multiple pulses spaced out evenly could help. But how?

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying different numbers of points? But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial values are for 45 points. Maybe trying a different number of points could lead to better results. But the constraints say that smaller is better for speed, so perhaps stick with 45 or similar.

Hmm, the initial code uses a variety of guesses—pulses and sawtooth waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe generating more such guesses? Or trying other waveforms?

Wait, but the code also uses differential evolution and then refines with COBYLA. Maybe there's a way to improve the convergence by adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or varying the mutation rates.

But the problem is that the code might be getting stuck in local optima. So maybe using a better initial guess could help. But how to generate better initial guesses?

Another idea: the optimal h might have a certain structure. For example, maybe having several segments with different duty cycles, or using a combination of pulses. The current code tries some generated pulses and sawtooth functions, but maybe there's a way to generate more diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random search approach with some structure. For example, starting with a random allocation of the integral, ensuring that the overlap is minimized. But that's vague.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using different optimization methods could be more effective. For instance, using a metaheuristic like particle swarm optimization (PSO) or simulated annealing? But the user has a time budget, and implementing those might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps using Nelder-Mead simplex method or other methods. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of correlations, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. However, the previous code already uses this approach by taking the maximum of the correlation values.

Wait, maybe the previous code could be optimized by better利用 the constraints. For example, ensuring that during the optimization, the constraints are tightened. Or perhaps using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function.

Wait, the current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which might have some issues. For example, when the correlation is computed, the maximum value might not be properly captured. Wait, no—the correlation of h with 1-h is computed over all shifts, and the maximum of those is what's being minimized. The code then scales it by dx.

But perhaps there's a way to speed this up, but given that the code is already using vectorized operations, maybe that's not the main bottleneck.

Another thought: the previous code uses several generations of guesses. Maybe instead of starting with the initial guess, generating a better initial guess. For example, using a more sophisticated method to generate the initial h_values.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more regular structure. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but that might not be optimal. But with a step function, maybe having multiple segments.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure that's not optimal. For example, if it's a simple pulse shape, maybe modifying that to have more optimized regions.

Alternatively, what if we use a different initial guess, such as a more optimal pulse pattern with different spacing and amplitudes?

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that initial_h_values is available, so I can use it directly.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using the LBFGS method with constraints, or using a Bayesian optimization approach. However, integrating that into the code within the time budget may be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different optimization methods in a more strategic way. For example, first doing a global search with differential evolution to find a good starting point, then refining with a local optimizer like SLSQP or COBYLA.

Wait, the previous code does that. The initial guesses are generated using various pulse and sawtooth functions, then differential evolution is run on those, followed by refinement. Maybe increasing the number of guesses or varying the parameters of differential evolution could help.

But the code has some parameters: popsize, maxiter, mutation, etc. Maybe adjusting those to get better results.

Another thought: when using differential evolution, the mutation and recombination parameters are important. The current code uses mutation range (0.6, 0.95) and recombination 0.8. Maybe experimenting with different mutation and recombination rates could help, but that would require time.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, instead of generating pulses and sawtooth waves, using random initial guesses. However, the initial code's guesses might be better.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a scheduling problem where you want to minimize the maximum overlap. Perhaps using a greedy approach to distribute the "mass" of h such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over the shifted functions is similar to a convolution, and maybe using Fourier analysis to model the problem. However, the previous code doesn't use that approach, and I'm not sure how to translate it into a step function optimization problem.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about finding the minimum possible maximum overlap. The integral of h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx, for varying k. This is equivalent to the maximum over k of the convolution h * (1 - h) at shift k. So, perhaps the problem can be reframed in the frequency domain. But since h is a step function, its Fourier transform is not straightforward.

But perhaps using some properties of Fourier transforms could help. However, for an optimization problem, it's unclear how to directly apply this. So maybe sticking to the numerical optimization approach.

Another angle: the current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code achieved 0.381142. So there's a small gap. How to fill it?

Maybe by trying more diverse initial guesses, or by using more refined optimization steps. Or, perhaps by modifying the initial guess to have a better structure.

Wait, the initial_h_values might have a certain structure. For example, if it's a set of pulses with certain spacing, maybe adjusting the positions or widths of these pulses could lead to a better result. But how to do that without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial structure. For example, using a sine wave pattern with certain parameters. Or a combination of different waveforms.

But since the user allows using initial_h_values, the code can start with that and then perturb it.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial guesses are generated by creating pulses and sawtooth waves. But maybe generating more structured guesses, such as combining multiple pulses with optimized parameters, could help.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, trying to use a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the SLSQP method with better settings, or using a hybrid approach.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple iterations of refining with COBYLA. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the parameters for COBYLA could yield better results.

Alternatively, perhaps changing the objective function to encourage certain properties. For example, penalizing high values of the overlap integral, but the current objective is already to minimize the maximum.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. So, perhaps during optimization, the algorithm focuses on reducing this maximum. But the problem is that the maximum can be achieved at different shifts, so the algorithm might get stuck near a local minimum where the maximum is slightly higher than the global minimum.

Therefore, maybe the key is to find a good initial guess that's close to the global minimum, and then refine it effectively.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps distributing the "mass" of h in such a way that when shifted, it's as spread out as possible. For example, choosing positions for h where the overlaps are minimized. This is similar to the concept of a "design" where elements are spaced to minimize overlap.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem?

Alternatively, think of the problem as placing multiple "pulses" in the interval [0,2] such that each pulse doesn't overlap too much with the others when shifted. However, since the overlap integral depends on the shape of h, not just the positions, this is more complex.

But maybe using a form of pulse-based h, where h is a step function with multiple pulses. For example, having several intervals where h is 1, and the rest are 0. However, the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1, so the total area should be 1. For example, if n_points is 45, then each pulse contributes a certain area, but it's more complex.

But perhaps starting with a number of pulses and optimizing their positions and widths. For example, if there are m pulses, each of length l_i, then the sum of l_i should be 1 (since integral is 1), and the positions of these pulses should be chosen to minimize the overlap when shifted.

But how to model this? It's a bit complex, but maybe the current code's approach of using step functions with varying configurations (pulses and sawtooth) is a good way to start.

Another idea: in the code, the initial guesses are several generated functions. Maybe generating more of these, such as different combinations of frequencies and duty cycles, could lead to better results. For example, trying more frequencies or varying the duty cycles more.

Alternatively, generating random initial guesses with a certain structure. For example, randomly placing intervals where h is 1, ensuring the integral is 1, and then optimizing those.

But integrating that into the code would require generating random samples and then optimizing them. However, the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: use a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using the current best solution from the previous code and perturbing it slightly to escape local minima. But without knowing the exact current solution, it's hard.

Alternatively, exploring the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution uses a population size of 80 and maxiter of 40. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but this may exceed the budget.

Wait, the budget is 100 seconds. The previous code runs for a certain time, but with multiple iterations. So, perhaps increasing the number of generations in differential evolution, or using more iterations for the optimization steps.

Another thought: the current code uses SLSQP with some constraints. What if using a different constraint handling approach? For example, using a penalty method, but that's part of what SLSQP does.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is constrained (sum h_i = n_points/2), perhaps using a more efficient method that respects the constraints more tightly.

But how?

At this point, perhaps it's better to try modifying the previous code with some tweaks. For example, adjusting the parameters of differential evolution, using more initial guesses, or modifying the refinement steps.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run twice, and then COBYLA is run three times. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different parameters could help.

Alternatively, changing the mutation and recombination parameters. For instance, using a lower mutation rate to avoid too much disruption, or using different ranges.

But in the previous code, the mutation is set to (0.6, 0.95), which is a common choice. Perhaps experimenting with that.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the Powell method or Nelder-Mead.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on the existing code and make small, targeted adjustments.

Another idea: the initial code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe trying to improve that initial guess first. For example, by using optimization to refine it before proceeding with other guesses.

Wait, in the previous code, the first guess is the initial_h_values. Then, other guesses are added. But maybe refining the initial_h_values more could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using multiple refinement steps on the initial guess.

Another possible optimization: precompute the correlation values, and during the optimization, focus on reducing the maximum. But this is what the code is already doing.

Another thought: the code uses the same bounds for all h values, which are 0 to 1. Maybe adding some constraints on the h values to make them more structured. But without knowing the problem structure, it's hard.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is more efficient in exploring the search space. However, integrating that might require additional libraries and time, which may not be feasible within the budget.

Given all these possibilities, the next step is to modify the existing code to see if any of these changes can lead to a better result. For example, trying a different number of initial guesses, adjusting the differential evolution parameters, or using a different optimization method.

In the previous code, the initial guesses include pulses and sawtooth waves with different frequencies and duties. Maybe adding more variations, such as different waveforms or more parameters.

Alternatively, using random initial guesses, but ensuring that the integral constraint is met. For example, generating random h values that sum to the required total, and then using them as guesses.

But generating such random guesses would be computationally intensive, but perhaps within the budget.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and applying some perturbations to it before optimization.

Another possible change: in the initial code, after generating some guesses, it runs differential evolution on each guess and then refines. But perhaps instead of doing this for each guess, combining them and using a more efficient approach.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach where first, a global search with differential evolution is done, and then local refinement with SLSQP or COBYLA. This is already what the code does, but maybe increasing the number of refinements.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, it refines with COBYLA three times. Maybe increasing that number.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to explore more diverse guesses. For example, generating more initial guesses with different configurations, like varying the number of pulses or different waveforms.

But in the current setup, the code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more of them.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a periodic function with varying parameters.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say what would be better.

Considering all these possibilities, the best approach might be to refine the existing code by adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms, increasing the number of evaluations, and possibly using more diverse initial guesses.

Now, to implement this in Python. The code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as starting point
- Generate additional initial guesses through different waveforms (pulses, sawtooth, etc.)
- Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters
- Refine with COBYLA
- Return the best solution

But how to modify the code? For example, changing the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution, or adding more initial guesses.

Also, considering the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. So, perhaps adjusting the number of iterations for each optimization step.

Another possible change: using the initial_h_values as the starting guess and then perturbing it slightly to explore nearby regions. This could be done by adding a small random noise to each sample of the initial_h_values, then optimizing.

But in the previous code, this is not done.

Alternatively, trying to optimize the initial guess more thoroughly.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code by:

1. Adding more diverse initial guesses (e.g., more pulse and sawtooth functions with different parameters)
2. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution to possibly explore more effectively
3. Increasing the number of refinement steps with COBYLA
4. Ensuring that the time budget is respected by controlling the number of iterations and population sizes.

So, the modified code would include more initial guesses, perhaps with different frequencies and duties, and adjust the differential evolution parameters. Also, increasing the number of refinement steps.

Now, to code this.

First, in the code, the initial guesses are generated with frequencies 3-8 and duties 0.2-0.5. Adding more frequencies or more duty cycles could help.

Additionally, adding more complex waveforms, such as triangle waves, or other step functions.

But for simplicity, perhaps just adding more frequencies and duties.

Another possible addition is to use a random initial guess, but ensuring that the sum is correct. However, the code currently doesn't do that.

But for the sake of time, let's proceed.

Now, to implement this in code. Here's the plan for the 'run' function:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess
- Generate additional initial guesses using pulses and sawtooth functions with different parameters
- Run differential evolution on these guesses, then refine with COBYLA
- Keep track of the best solution found
- Return the best solution, the C5 value, and n_points

Also, adjust the parameters for differential evolution and COBYLA.

But the code already does this. So, to improve, perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or using a higher mutation rate.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation.

For example, adding a frequency of 1, or a different duty cycle.

But the code already has a broad range of frequencies and duties.

Another possible change: in the initial code, the guesses are generated with functions like gen_pulses and gen_saw. Perhaps also generating other waveforms, like square waves or triangular waves. But since the code uses numpy, generating these might be possible.

Alternatively, considering that the code uses various frequencies and duties, maybe the previous code is already sufficient, but with some parameter tweaks.

In terms of code changes, perhaps:

- Increase the maxiter for differential evolution
- Increase the population size
- Or reduce the tolerance to find better solutions.

But with the time budget, the code must not exceed it.

In the previous code, differential evolution is run twice with the same parameters. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution.

Alternatively, changing the mutation parameters.

So, modifying the code to:

- Increase the mutation and recombination parameters.

But again, without knowing the exact impact, it's hard.

Another idea: use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using differential evolution to find a good guess, then using SLSQP to refine it.

But the previous code already does this.

Alternatively, changing the initial guesses to be more diverse. For example, adding more frequencies and more duty cycles.

So, in the code, the guesses for pulses are frequencies 3-8, and duties 0.2-0.5. Perhaps expanding this to include more frequencies (like 1, 2, 9, etc.) or adding more duty cycles (like 0.1, 0.6, etc.).

With that, the code would generate more guesses and have a better chance of finding a good solution.

Another possible change: in the 'gen_pulses' and 'gen_saw' functions, generate more varied waveforms. For example, for pulses, varying the frequency and duty cycle more.

So, modifying the guesses part:

For example:

- Adding frequencies like 2, 9, and 10.
- Adding duty cycles like 0.1, 0.6, 0.7, etc.

But in the code, the guesses are generated as:

for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))

So, perhaps expanding this to include more frequencies and more duties.

But for the sake of code brevity and time, perhaps adding a few more frequencies and duties.

For example:

for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))

This would generate more initial guesses, which might lead to better results.

Another idea: using a different waveform for some of the guesses. For example, generating a triangular wave or a random waveform.

But generating these requires mathematically defining them.

In any case, to implement this, modifying the code's guess generation part would be necessary.

In addition, the code's differential evolution parameters could be adjusted. For example, using a larger popsize, but ensuring that the time budget is not exceeded.

But given the time constraints, perhaps increasing the population size and the number of iterations.

Overall, the modified code would include:

- More initial guesses with varied frequencies and duties
- Adjusted differential evolution parameters for better exploration
- More refinement steps with COBYLA

Now, translating this into code changes.

But in the existing code, the initial guesses are already a few, so adding more could increase the diversity.

Finally, the code must be efficient, so including more initial guesses may increase computation time, but it's worth trying.

Thus, the revised code would include more initial guesses and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```