<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a seed-based approach with some initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. But I need to come up with a different approach to possibly beat that.

Hmm, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The earlier code uses a starting point with 45 samples and then tries different optimization strategies. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about what's going on.

The key is that the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for each shift k, we're looking at how much h overlaps with the complement of h shifted by k. Our goal is to make this maximum value as small as possible.

The previous approach uses different initial guesses, like pulse and sawtooth functions, and then optimizes them. But perhaps that's not sufficient. Maybe there's a more structured approach. For example, using a periodic pattern or a more balanced distribution of the function h.

Wait, the problem is similar to some kind of covering or packing problem. Maybe using a more symmetric function could help. For example, if h is designed to be as uniform as possible but with certain peaks to minimize the overlap. Or perhaps using a construction inspired by known optimal solutions for similar problems.

Another idea: since the integral is over the interval [0,2], maybe we can model h as a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals where it's either 0 or 1. The challenge is to arrange these intervals so that shifting them doesn't cause too much overlap.

But how to model this? The previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points) and tries to optimize the values of h. However, maybe a different approach like using a genetic algorithm or a different optimization strategy would yield better results, especially since the previous code uses differential evolution which might get stuck in local minima.

Wait, the code from before uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe I can try using a different optimization method, or combine them in a different way. Also, maybe adjusting the initial guesses could help. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, perhaps generating other initial patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering the problem as an optimization with constraints and trying to find the optimal h analytically. But that might be complex. Let's think about the constraints again.

The function h must integrate to 1 over [0,2], so it's like a probability density function. But the integral for each shift is the expected value of (1 - h(x + k)) when h(x) is 1. Wait, that might not directly apply, but it's an interesting perspective.

Alternatively, think of the problem as trying to minimize the maximum of the integrals, which could be interpreted as a game between h and the shift k. For each possible shift, we want to ensure that the overlap is as small as possible. Maybe a better way is to use a binary search over the C5 value and check if there exists an h that satisfies the constraints, but that might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, maybe we can formulate it as a convex optimization problem. However, the function to minimize is not convex, so that's not straightforward.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, so maybe the approach can be modified. For example, using a different optimization method for the initial guess. Or perhaps using a different sampling strategy for the initial guesses. Also, considering that the previous code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points=45), but maybe increasing n_points could lead to better results. But the user specified that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the previous code uses 45, which is small.

Wait, the current record is for n_points=45? Or maybe not. The initial_h_values may have a certain number of points. The user says that the previous code uses initial_h_values (n=45 samples). So maybe the current solution is for n=45. But the target is to find a better upper bound.

Alternatively, perhaps there's a known optimal construction for this problem. But since we don't have that, we need to find a clever construction.

Let me think of how the previous code works. It starts with initial_h_values, then applies SLSQP, DE, and COBYLA. Maybe the initial guesses could be improved. For example, using a different pattern for the initial guesses, like a more optimized structure. For instance, perhaps using a non-uniform distribution of the function h where it's 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged to avoid overlapping when shifted.

Another idea: since the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps the optimal h should be such that shifting it by any k doesn't create too much overlap. This is similar to a set of points where no two are too close. So maybe designing h as a set of intervals that are spaced out to minimize overlap.

But how to model this with the given constraints? Maybe using a pattern similar to a square wave but with modified duty cycles. The previous code uses pulse and saw functions, but maybe there's a better pattern.

Alternatively, using a more complex shape, like a triangular wave or a sinusoidal wave with certain parameters. But again, how to optimize that.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm. The previous code uses DE and SLSQP, but maybe a genetic algorithm with mutation and crossover could explore the space more effectively. However, implementing that might require more code and may not fit into the time budget.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method for the initial optimization steps. For example, using a gradient-based method with a different initial guess, or combining multiple methods.

Wait, the previous code's initial guesses are based on generated pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe instead of using those, I can generate other patterns. For example, a combination of pulses with varying positions or a more uniform distribution.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values but applying some modifications. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, perhaps perturbing it slightly and optimizing.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and we are shifting by k, which could be any real number, but in the code, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a function h of size n_points, the convolution would give outputs of length 2n_points - 1. However, the actual k values in the integral would be over the real line, but the code uses a discretized approach. So the maximum in the code's evaluation is over the computed k values, which might not cover all possible shifts. Therefore, the code's approach may miss some critical shifts. But perhaps that's unavoidable with the discretization.

Alternatively, considering that the true maximum is the maximum over all k, but the code only checks for the discretized k's. So maybe increasing the number of samples would help, but the user prefers smaller n. However, the previous code uses n=45, which might be sufficient for the current problem.

Hmm. Let me consider the previous code's approach. The main problem is that the code starts with a given initial_h_values and tries to optimize it. But maybe that's not the most effective. For example, using a different initial construction, like a more uniform distribution.

Wait, the initial_h_values might not be the best. Let me think: if the function h is designed to have regions where it's 1 and 0 in such a way that shifting it doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced out to avoid overlapping when shifted. But how to fit that into the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a function h that is 1 on a set of points that are spread out, so that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

Another approach is to model this as a binary optimization problem where h is a step function (0 or 1) over intervals. However, since the function h is piecewise constant, and we have to satisfy the integral constraint, this could be a bin packing problem. But with the goal of minimizing the maximum overlap integral.

But even with that, solving it exactly would be difficult. So perhaps using a heuristic approach.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that minimizes the maximum of the pairwise overlaps. In that case, the optimal h might be derived from a set of points arranged in a way that maximizes the minimum spacing between them, leading to minimal overlap when shifted.

Wait, this brings up the concept of the covering radius. If the function is such that the distance between any two '1' intervals is sufficient to avoid overlap when shifted, then the overlap integral would be minimized. But I'm not sure how to translate this into a model.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is periodic with period 1, but that might not fit the integral constraint. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then integrating over [0,2] would be twice the integral over [0,1]. However, the integral must be 1, so over [0,1] it would need to integrate to 0.5. That's possible.

But how to design such a function? For example, a square wave with duty cycle 0.5, but then shifting it by 0.5 would cause overlap. Alternatively, a triangle wave.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, using three intervals spaced so that shifting by any k doesn't cause overlapping. But this is vague.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the best approach is to try to balance the distribution of h in such a way that the overlap is as uniform as possible.

Another idea: since the integral over shifts is the same as the integral over the overlap, maybe the optimal h is a function that is as uniform as possible. But the integral constraint requires that the area under h is 1. So the function can't be uniform. Maybe the optimal h is a step function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged so that their positions are spread out.

But how to arrange them? For example, suppose n_points is such that we have three intervals. Let's say we have two intervals of 1, each of length 0.5, and placed at positions 0.25 and 1.25, so that shifting by 0.5 would make them overlap. Wait, but then shifting by 0.5 would cause the two intervals to overlap, leading to a high overlap integral.

Alternatively, maybe arranging the intervals so that their positions are spaced more apart. For example, placing them at positions 0.25, 0.75, and 1.25. Then shifting by 0.5 would cause some overlap. But this is a very simplistic approach.

But how to translate this into the code? The code is designed to take a step function h as samples, so perhaps generating such a pattern and then optimizing it.

Wait, the previous code's initial_h_values seems to be a construction. But without knowing what it is, I can't say. However, the initial_h_values is an array with n_points=45. So perhaps it's a certain kind of step function.

Another thought: the problem requires that we minimize the maximum overlap. Therefore, the optimal h would be such that for any shift k, the overlap integral is roughly the same. That way, there's no single shift that causes a large overlap. This is similar to distributing the '1's of h in a way that their positions are spread out, but the challenge is to maintain the integral constraint.

But how to model this?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that has a certain symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2], then shifting by certain amounts could be handled symmetrically.

Another approach is to use the fact that the integral is over the entire interval and the shift k. Let's consider the double integral over x and k. But I'm not sure how that helps directly.

Alternatively, think of the problem as trying to minimize the maximum of E[1 - h(x + k)] over x where h(x) = 1. So, for each k, the overlap is the measure of x where h(x) = 1 and h(x + k) = 0. To minimize this, we need that no shift k causes a large intersection between the set where h is 1 and the complement of h shifted by k.

This seems related to the concept of a set with small intersection with its translations. In combinatorics, this is similar to the concept of a set with small covering radius. However, in this case, it's a continuous set.

But perhaps there's a known method or construction for such a set. However, I'm not familiar with it.

Another idea: using a function h that is a periodic function with a certain period that divides the interval [0,2]. For example, a period of 2/3. But the integral must be 1, so over [0,2], the average value would be 0.5. That's possible.

Wait, for a function with period T, the average over T is 0.5. So if the period is T, then integrating over [0,2] would be 2*(average over T). So if T is 2, then the average over [0,2] is 0.5, which satisfies the constraint. But this is the case of a symmetric function.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a fraction of the time, say p, and 0 otherwise. Then, the integral constraint is satisfied if p * 2 = 1 => p=0.5. So the function is 1 on half of the interval. But how to arrange the 1's to minimize the maximum overlap.

But for such a function, the overlap when shifted by k is the area of overlap between the 1's of h and the 0's of h shifted by k. The maximum of this would depend on how the 1's are arranged. For example, if the 1's are spread out in a periodic fashion, the overlap could be minimized.

But this is similar to a binary sequence. Suppose we have a binary sequence (a step function) of length n_points, with exactly n_points/2 being 1's. The overlap for a shift k would be the number of 1's that are not overlapping with the shifted 0's. Wait, but the integral is the area, so for a discrete case, it's the number of overlapping positions multiplied by dx.

But since the function is continuous, the exact positions matter. But with the discretization of the samples, the code approximates it.

So perhaps, the problem is similar to arranging the 1's in the step function such that no shift causes too many 1's to be in positions where the shifted h has 0's. So the 1's should be spread out in a way that their translations don't overlap with the 0's.

This is similar to the concept of a binary code with certain distance properties, but again, not sure.

In the previous code, they tried using various initial guesses like pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe instead of using these, they could use a more uniform distribution of 1's. For example, placing 1's at regular intervals. But this might not work if the shift k is such that the 1's overlap with the 0's.

For example, if we have a periodic pattern with period T, then the maximum overlap might depend on T. Let's say we have a period T, and in each period, half of the interval has 1's. Then the overlap for a shift of T/2 would be the maximum. So choosing T such that when shifted by T/2, the 1's and 0's are maximally overlapping.

But this is getting a bit too abstract. Maybe trying to generate a uniform distribution of 1's and then optimizing from there would help.

Alternatively, considering that for the optimal solution, the maximum overlap C5 is bounded by the minimum of the integral over k, and that this might be achieved by a certain symmetric construction.

But without knowing the exact construction, it's hard to proceed. So perhaps the way forward is to modify the previous code by trying a different starting point or optimization strategy.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then applies some optimization steps. Maybe generating a better initial_h_values could help. For example, if the initial_h_values is a more balanced pattern that already has a lower C5, then the optimization steps could improve it further.

Alternatively, instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a random starting point. But the initial_h_values might be better than a random starting point.

But since the user wants to avoid getting stuck in local optima, perhaps using multiple different initial guesses is better. The previous code tried generating pulses and saw functions, but maybe other patterns could be more effective.

Another idea: using a random initial guess with the correct sum. For example, generating a random array h with sum n_points/2, then optimizing from there. But this could be a better starting point than the initial_h_values, which may be suboptimal.

Alternatively, using a combination of different initial guesses and applying optimization to them. However, the previous code does this.

Another approach could be to use Bayesian optimization or other methods that are more efficient for this type of problem. But integrating that into the code might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, which can handle the problem's complexity better. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might not fit within the time budget.

Wait, the code is supposed to run within 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution and other methods. But maybe for the new code, switching the order of optimization steps or using more efficient parameters would help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (45 samples). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, since the initial_h_values is 45, it's likely that the current optimal solution uses that number of points.

Alternatively, trying to find a way to improve the existing code's optimization steps. For example, in the previous code, after generating some guesses, it uses SLSQP to refine them and then differential evolution and COBYLA. Perhaps adjusting the parameters of these optimization methods would lead to better results.

Another idea: for the initial guesses, instead of being based on sawtooth and pulse functions, try other patterns. For example, a random permutation of 0s and 1s, but ensuring the correct sum. Or a pattern where the 1s are equally spaced.

But how to generate such patterns algorithmically?

Let me think about how to generate an equally spaced pattern. Suppose the function h is a step function with m intervals of 1's and 0's, equally spaced. For example, if the function has n_points = 45, then m intervals of 1's of length l, such that the total sum is 24.75 (since 45/2=22.5?), no, wait, n_points=45 and sum(h) is 45/2=22.5. So if each step is of equal length, then the function would be 1 for a certain number of points and 0 for the remainder. But arranging them to be equally spaced.

For example, if the function is 1 for certain positions and 0 otherwise, with the 1's spaced out. This is similar to a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, which is akin to the concept of a Barker code. Barker codes have the property that their autocorrelation is minimal, which might be useful here.

Barker codes are sequences of +1 and -1 with low autocorrelation. If we use a Barker code, then the overlap might be minimized. However, Barker codes are typically used in binary sequences with certain lengths. The best known Barker codes have lengths up to 11, so for longer lengths, no perfect codes exist. But perhaps using a similar approach could help.

For example, using a sequence with low autocorrelation properties. However, integrating such a sequence into the function h might not directly apply, but it's worth considering.

But how to translate this into a function h. For example, if the Barker code has certain properties, then when shifted, the number of overlaps is minimized. This could be a good starting point for the initial guess.

But generating such a code for a length of 45 is challenging. However, perhaps the initial_h_values is a Barker-like sequence, which could be optimized further.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous initial_h_values is a good starting point, and the optimization steps can be improved.

Let me consider modifying the previous code. For example, instead of relying on SLSQP, which can get stuck in local minima, using a more robust method like differential evolution first, then refining with other methods.

Alternatively, in the code, the differential evolution is applied after the initial SLSQP steps. Maybe reversing the order would help. Or using more iterations.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a single initial guess (initial_h_values), but the user is encouraged to explore different starting points. The previous code adds some generated guesses. Perhaps generating more initial guesses could help in escaping local optima. However, generating more initial guesses may take more time, which could be a concern within the budget.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a certain distribution. For example, a random array where 50% of the elements are 1, ensuring the sum is correct, and then optimizing from there. This could help in finding better global optima.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on the existing code and improve it.

Another idea: during the optimization steps, the code evaluates the objective function as the maximum of the correlation. Maybe the current way of computing the correlation is not accurate, or there's a better way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. However, the maximum value could be at certain positions, and perhaps the code should consider only specific shifts that are relevant.

But given the discretization, this is likely already handled. However, perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum more efficiently or accurately.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the code's initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the previous code generates pulses and saw functions, but maybe generating other types of functions could lead to better results.

Another thought: the current initial guesses are generated with specific frequencies and duty cycles. For example, pulses at frequency 3, 4, etc. But maybe using random frequencies or other types of functions could lead to better initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a more global search approach, like Simulated Annealing, but integrating that into the existing code may be complex.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize, but maybe using a different method like genetic algorithms from DEAP or similar. However, integrating that would require more code and may not fit within the time budget.

Another angle: the problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap. The current code uses a discretized approach, and the quality of the solution depends on the number of samples (n_points) and the optimization steps. The previous code uses 45 samples, which may not be sufficient for the required precision. Perhaps increasing the number of samples could lead to a better bound, but the user prefers smaller sequences.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So n_points=45 is acceptable. However, maybe increasing the number of samples could give a better approximation, but the time may not permit it. Alternatively, using more samples could allow for more precise optimization.

But the problem is to find the best possible solution within the time budget, so it's a trade-off.

Another idea: trying to use the initial_h_values but with different modifications. For example, applying a smoothing or transformation to the initial_h_values to improve its structure.

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous code, I need to find a way to generate better initial guesses and/or optimize more effectively. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses, using different optimization strategies, or adjusting the parameters to allow for better exploration of the search space.

Let me try to implement this in code. The previous code uses a few initial guesses and then applies different optimization methods. I can modify the initial guesses to generate more diverse patterns. For example, adding random initial guesses, or using other types of functions.

But since the user encourages exploring other starting points, I can generate additional initial guesses. For example, using a binary array where the 1's are randomly placed, ensuring the correct sum. Or using a combination of different patterns.

Another approach is to combine the initial_h_values with other generated functions and try to optimize from there.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution or changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with a high maxiter (200) and tight ftol. Maybe relaxing the parameters could allow for better convergence, but that risks getting stuck in local minima. Alternatively, using a different method for refinement.

Another idea is to use a multi-phase optimization strategy: first use a global search (like differential evolution) to find a good initial guess, then apply a local optimizer (like SLSQP or COBYLA) to refine it further.

The previous code does this, but maybe the parameters for the differential evolution and other methods can be adjusted for better performance.

Putting this all together, I can modify the previous code by:

1. Adding more diverse initial guesses, such as random permutations.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.
3. Trying to improve the refinement steps.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns, including random, pulses, sawtooth, and possibly others.
- Use differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Apply local optimization (like SLSQP) to refine the best candidates.
- Use multiple refinement steps to improve the solution further.

Additionally, I can try to generate a better initial guess by using a random binary array with the correct sum, ensuring that the initial_h_values is not the only starting point.

However, the code must be efficient to run within 100 seconds. Given that, perhaps generating a few random guesses and a few structured guesses (like pulses and sawtooth) would suffice.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe it's not the best. By adding random initial guesses, we can explore different regions of the solution space.

In code, this would involve generating random initial guesses with the correct sum, and then optimizing them.

But generating random initial guesses requires sampling from a uniform distribution, ensuring that the sum is n_points / 2. However, for a large n_points, this is non-trivial, but for n_points=45, it's manageable.

Alternatively, generate a random array where each element is 0 or 1, and then adjust the sum to match. For example, create an array with approximately half 1's and then adjust a few elements to balance the sum.

However, this would require some code to generate a random initial guess.

Incorporating all of this into the code, the new run function would start with the initial_h_values, generate additional guesses, and then optimize them.

Additionally, perhaps the previous code uses a fixed set of frequencies for pulses and sawtooth functions. Changing those frequencies or adding more could lead to better results.

After evaluating these ideas, the code can be modified to include more initial guesses and better optimization parameters. Now, I need to translate these thoughts into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time
import random

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        while True:
            candidate = np.random.rand(n_points)
            candidate -= np.random.rand(n_points)
            candidate = np.clip(candidate, 0, 1)
            if np.abs(np.sum(candidate) - target_sum) < 1e-3:
                return candidate
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 5, 7, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    
    for _ in range(3):
        guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```