<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous program used an initial construction and then applied some optimization steps with SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. But maybe there's a way to get a better result by changing the approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. The overlap integral is calculated by taking the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, and the evaluation uses numpy's correlate function with mode 'full'.

The previous code started with initial_h_values and tried different guesses. Then, it used SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to consider using more efficient optimization methods, like genetic algorithms, or maybe using more structured initial guesses. Also, maybe the initial guess could be better. The initial_h_values might not be optimal. Alternatively, using different types of functions, like periodic or symmetric ones, might help.

Another angle: the problem is similar to the covering problem, where we want to arrange the steps in h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. So maybe a more uniform distribution of the steps would help. Or perhaps using patterns like sawtooth waves, pulse trains with certain frequencies, or other structured patterns.

Wait, in the previous code, they tried generating pulses and sawtooth waves with various frequencies and duties. Maybe there's a way to combine these ideas or explore more structured patterns. For example, maybe using a combination of different waveforms or using a more sophisticated approach to generate initial guesses.

But the problem is that the previous code used a lot of different guesses and then applied optimization steps. But perhaps the optimization steps could be more efficient, or the initial guesses could be better.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe for certain regions of the search space, local methods could be more effective. Also, the number of iterations might be limited by time constraints. The budget is 100 seconds, so maybe the code needs to be optimized to use the time more efficiently.

What about trying different optimization algorithms? The previous code used SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. Maybe using a different combination, like Bayesian optimization, or other methods that can better balance exploration and exploitation.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be approached with a more mathematical formulation. The objective is to minimize the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since the integral is over x, and the function is periodic? Wait, the shift k can be any real number, but in the discrete case, the integration is over the samples. However, the exact value of k isn't clear. But in the code, the correlate function with mode 'full' effectively captures the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. So for each possible shift, the code computes the integral, and the maximum of those is C₅.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal function is periodic or has some symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around the midpoint of [0, 2], maybe that helps in balancing the overlaps. Or maybe arranging the steps so that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to translate that into a function? Maybe using a function that's a combination of pulses or other periodic functions. For instance, if we use a function that is a sequence of pulses with certain spacing, ensuring that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized.

But the challenge is to find such a configuration. Perhaps trying different arrangements with varying numbers of pulses and their positions. However, since the function is discrete, it's more of a combinatorial optimization problem.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more efficiently. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm, but maybe a different setup would yield better results. Also, genetic algorithms can be parameterized with different crossover and mutation rates.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic approach with local search. For example, generate a population of candidate functions, evaluate their C₅, then use local optimization methods to refine the best ones.

But considering the time budget, the code needs to be efficient. So perhaps using a combination of methods: starting with a good initial guess, then applying a few rounds of optimization with different methods, and fine-tuning.

Also, the previous code used the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe that's the bottleneck. If the initial guess is not good enough, the optimization may get stuck. So perhaps generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more structured initial guess that's designed to minimize overlaps.

Wait, but the initial_h_values are given by the system. So in the problem statement, the user is to refer to it directly. So I can't change that. So I need to start from there.

But maybe the previous code's initial guess is not sufficient. So maybe combining the initial guess with other structured patterns, like adding some pulses or modifying the existing pattern to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, think about the integral. The overlap integral for a given k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum value of this over all k.

This can be seen as a kind of distance metric between the function and its shifted versions. So the goal is to make h as "spread out" as possible so that shifting it by any k doesn't make the overlap too large.

But how to model this. Maybe using a function that's as uniform as possible, but since the integral of h is 1, it must have some concentration of mass.

One approach that comes to mind is to use a function that is a mixture of different pulses arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For example, if the pulses are spaced apart such that when shifted by a certain amount, they don't cover each other. But how to translate that into a function?

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is a combination of two or more waveforms. For example, a square wave with certain duty cycle, or a sawtooth wave with multiple segments.

Another idea: since the function is defined on [0, 2], maybe dividing the interval into equal segments and placing the function's steps in a way that balances the overlap. For example, using a function that has 1s and 0s arranged with certain periodicity.

But again, how to translate that into code. Let's think about the code structure.

The previous code tried generating pulses and sawtooth waves with various parameters and using those as guesses. Maybe that's a good starting point. However, perhaps trying different parameters or generating more varied initial guesses.

Another thought: maybe the current code's differential evolution with popsize 80 and maxiter 40 is too slow. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation rates could help, but within the time limit. Also, the COBYLA refinement steps may not be sufficient.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method, such as basin-hopping, which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima.

But the problem is to code this efficiently within 100 seconds. The code must not take longer than that.

Another approach: since the problem has a discrete structure, maybe using simulated annealing with a cooling schedule. But again, the time constraints are tight.

Alternatively, maybe instead of trying to optimize the entire function at once, breaking it into smaller parts. For example, partitioning the interval [0, 2] into regions and assigning the function's values in those regions to minimize the overlap. However, that may complicate the optimization.

Wait, the previous code uses a step function represented as samples. Each sample is either 0 or 1 in the initial guess, but in the code, the initial_h_values may have more steps. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but I don't know what it is. The problem says to refer to it directly. So perhaps the initial guess has some structure that can be refined.

Another idea: considering that the integral of h is 1, the function must have an average of 0.5 over [0, 2], since the integral is 1 and the length of the interval is 2. So the function is like a probability density function. But how to design such a function to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

Maybe the optimal function is a uniform distribution, but that would have h(x) = 0.5 everywhere, which would make the overlap integral for any k equal to ∫ 0.5 (1 - 0.5) dx = 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5, which is worse than the current best. So that's not helpful.

So maybe the optimal function has a more structured form, like being a step function that switches between 0 and 1 in such a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: since the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps the worst case occurs at specific values of k, like k equal to the spacing between the steps. So if the steps are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap, then the maximum overlap can be minimized.

For example, if the function has pulses spaced such that when shifted by a certain amount, the overlapping regions are minimized. But how to model that.

Alternatively, using a sinusoidal function that modulates the h(x) to create a certain pattern. For instance, h(x) could be a sine wave that is high in certain regions and low in others, creating a periodic pattern that reduces overlap when shifted.

But the function must be a step function, as per the problem statement. So it can't be continuous. So it's a step function with values between 0 and 1. So perhaps the function has a series of steps that are arranged periodically.

But again, how to translate that into code.

Maybe the key is to consider that the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps the optimization is not efficient enough. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a more efficient local search around the initial guess, combined with some global search steps.

Another angle: the previous code used several guesses, which may not cover the entire search space. Perhaps generating more varied initial guesses could lead to better results.

Moreover, the code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization method. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these methods (like the number of iterations, the tolerance, or the mutation rates in differential evolution) could yield better results.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum value of a certain function, maybe using a gradient-based method with Hessian approximation could help. But gradient-based methods may get stuck in local minima unless the initial guess is very good.

Another idea: the function C₅ is the maximum over k of the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize this maximum, maybe it's beneficial to have the function h and 1-h have minimal correlation for any shift. This is similar to designing a code with certain correlation properties, akin to a code with low cross-correlation.

In coding theory, for example, codes with low cross-correlation are used in communication systems. Perhaps using similar concepts could help. For instance, using a function h that is a periodic sequence with certain properties that minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

But how to translate this into a practical approach. For example, using a Barker code, which is a sequence with low autocorrelation. However, Barker codes have certain limitations and may not apply directly here. But the idea of having minimal correlation could be helpful.

Alternatively, thinking of the problem as a optimization of the functions h and 1-h, such that their cross-correlation is minimized. This is a non-convex problem, but perhaps there are known techniques for such problems.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to improve upon the previous code by making a few strategic changes. Let's think about what can be done.

First, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then uses various methods to optimize. The code could benefit from:

1. Using more efficient optimization methods, such as using an optimizer that is better suited for the problem.
2. Exploring more varied initial guesses.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization steps to get higher quality results within the time budget.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=80 and maxiter=40. Maybe increasing the popsize or adjusting the mutation parameters could help find better solutions. However, increasing popsize may take longer. Alternatively, using a smaller popsize with more iterations.

Also, the refine steps using COBYLA might not be sufficient. Maybe using a different method, like BFGS, for refinement.

Another idea is to use a hybrid approach, where after some global optimization steps (like differential evolution), perform local optimization to refine the solution further.

Moreover, the initial guesses in the previous code were generated with pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, like triangular waves, or other patterns, could help.

But since the code must be concise and within the token limit, perhaps generating a few more guesses with different patterns could be done without adding too much code.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses numpy.correlate, which is fast, but maybe there's a way to compute the maximum overlap more efficiently. However, in the current code, the evaluation is already efficient.

Another possible improvement: instead of using all the samples in the initial guess, perhaps using a coarser sampling and then refining. But the problem specifies to use n_points samples, and the initial_h_values may have a specific number.

Alternatively, if the initial sample size is large (like n_points=45), maybe the code can't afford to do many iterations. So, the previous code does a few steps of optimization, but perhaps more efficient steps could be taken.

Another thought: the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. The previous code uses a constraint in the optimization to enforce this. Maybe using a better way to handle this constraint, like penalty methods, but that's already handled by the constraints in the optimization.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient initial guess. For example, starting with a better initial guess than the initial_h_values provided. However, the problem says to use the initial_h_values directly, so that's not an option.

So, considering all that, let's think about the code structure. The previous code uses multiple optimization steps. To improve it, perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution, but that might take more time. Alternatively, using the initial guess from differential evolution and then refining it with COBYLA.

Another possible change is to use a different method for the initial guess. For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses were generated as pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating a more varied set of initial guesses, such as different frequencies or duty cycles.

But given the code's structure, perhaps the main improvements can be made in the optimization parameters. For example, using a larger number of iterations for the differential evolution, or a different mutation rate.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances, or using a combination of trust-region methods.

But in code, the optimization steps are already using various methods. Perhaps the biggest change would be in how the initial guesses are generated. For example, trying to generate some initial guesses that are more structured, like using a more optimal pattern.

Another idea is to use a periodic function with certain frequencies that can be optimized. For example, creating a function that is a sum of sinusoids, but since it's a step function, maybe approximating it with a series of steps.

But given the time constraints, maybe the code can be improved by using a more efficient refinement process. For example, after using differential evolution, run a local optimization with tighter constraints.

Another point is that the previous code uses the same n_points as initial_h_values, which is 45. Maybe using a different number of points could yield better results, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial_h_values may have a fixed number of points. For example, if the initial_h_values have 45 points, then the code must use that number.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, and the code must use it directly. So the code will have to use whatever n_points it has. So perhaps, if the initial_h_values is for a certain number of points (like 45), then the code must use that. Therefore, the code can't change the number of points.

So, to summarize, the code must use the initial_h_values, which has a certain n_points. The code needs to optimize the h function with those points to minimize C₅.

Now, thinking about the previous code's structure, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution to allow more exploration.
2. Use more varied initial guesses, such as generating different types of waveforms (like triangular, square, etc.).
3. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm, such as Bayesian optimization, which is adaptive and can be more efficient.
4. Combine multiple optimization steps with different parameters to explore the search space better.

But given the time budget, the code must be efficient. So, the previous code already uses differential evolution and some local refinements. Let's think about how to adjust that.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 40 iterations with a population size of 80. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but it might take more time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, it's possible to allow a few more steps if they are efficient.

Another idea: during the differential evolution, use a smaller population size but more iterations. Alternatively, use a more aggressive mutation strategy.

Alternatively, reduce the number of guesses generated in the initial steps, and focus more on the optimization steps. For example, if the initial code generates too many guesses and uses SLSQP on each, it might be better to focus on refining.

But the code's current approach seems to start with an initial guess, then generate various guesses based on pulses and sawtooth waves, and then optimize them. Maybe generating more such guesses could help, but again, code conciseness is a constraint.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then run a local optimization to refine it. Perhaps the previous code's initial guess is already good, but with more refinement steps, it can get better.

But the previous code already uses multiple refinement steps. So maybe the problem is in the initial guesses or the optimization methods.

Another thought: the correlation calculation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation, but perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. However, that's already handled by the code.

Perhaps the main issue is that the previous code's optimization method doesn't explore enough of the search space. For example, using differential evolution with a higher mutation rate and more generations could help. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Alternatively, using a combination of local and global optimization steps. For instance, after a global search with differential evolution, perform a local search with a more precise method like SLSQP or COBYLA.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. Let's think about the code's current structure.

The code uses SLSQP on various initial guesses, then differential evolution, then COBYLA refinement. The code might be limited by the number of iterations in each step. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps could help.

Alternatively, the code could use a different optimization algorithm, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which is derivative-free and might be more effective for certain problems.

But the previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA, which are gradient-based methods. So perhaps the code could use a different combination.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, maybe using a penalty method that combines the different integrals into a single objective function with a penalty coefficient. But this is already handled by the code's objective function, which is to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the code's evaluation uses the maximum correlation over all k. To reduce this, maybe it's beneficial to balance the correlations across different k. Therefore, the optimization could be to make the correlations as uniform as possible, rather than focusing on a single maximum. But this is more of a heuristic than a direct approach.

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code to:

- Increase the number of initial guesses, generating more varied patterns.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution or other optimization steps to use more iterations or different strategies.
- Use local optimization methods with tighter tolerances for refinement.

But how to implement this concisely.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses include pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe generating more guesses with different parameters, such as adding triangular waves or other patterns.

Alternatively, perhaps the main improvement is to use a different method for the initial guesses. For example, generating a guess that is a more uniform distribution of ones and zeros, or a structured pattern that could potentially yield a lower C₅.

But without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. So perhaps the best approach is to generate more initial guesses based on different patterns and use optimization steps to refine them.

In terms of code, the previous code uses gen_pulses and gen_saw functions. Maybe adding another function, like gen_triangular or other waveforms, could help. However, given the code's token limit, adding more functions may not be feasible.

Alternatively, in the code, after generating the initial guesses, maybe using a different method for refining the solution, like using a more efficient local optimizer.

Another possible change is to use the initial_h_values as the first guess and then perform a series of local optimization steps. The previous code does this, but perhaps it could do more.

Another idea: if the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, and then applies a local optimization with more iterations, it might achieve a better result than the previous code.

But considering the code's current structure, which already applies multiple optimization steps, perhaps the main improvement is to increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution runs for 40 iterations. Maybe increasing this to 60 or 80 could help. However, the code must stay within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, adjusting the mutation parameters in the differential evolution to allow for more exploration.

Another possible optimization is to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, precomputing shifts or using FFT-based convolution. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient enough.

Given all of this, I'll proceed to modify the previous code in the following ways:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the differential evolution step to allow more exploration.
2. Add more initial guess types, such as triangular waves.
3. Use a more efficient local optimization step after the differential evolution.
4. Adjust the parameters of the SLSQP and COBYLA steps to allow for tighter convergence.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

First, in the code, the initial guesses are generated with gen_pulses and gen_saw. Adding a gen_triangular function could be beneficial. Let's define that.

Next, the differential evolution's maxiter is 40. Perhaps increasing it to 60 would help, but need to ensure that the time budget isn't exceeded.

Also, the code runs the differential evolution once, then applies slsqp_guess. Perhaps running it more times with different parameters could help.

However, given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So, the code will have to balance between exploration and time.

Another possible improvement is to use a bigger population size, but that may take more time.

Alternatively, using a smaller population size but more generations might be more efficient.

In the previous code, the differential evolution uses popsize=80. Increasing this might take more time, but the code might find better solutions.

But without trying, it's hard to say. However, within the code, the changes can be made.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and then perform a more thorough optimization, such as using a larger number of steps with SLSQP.

But since the code is already using multiple steps, perhaps the biggest change is to improve the initial guesses and the refinement steps.

In terms of code, here's a possible structure:

- Generate more initial guesses with different waveforms.
- Run differential evolution with higher parameters.
- Apply more refinement steps with COBYLA or other local methods.

So, the modified code would include:

- Adding more initial guesses, like triangular waves.
- Changing the differential evolution parameters to increase iterations.
- Possibly modifying the refinement steps.

Now, translating this into Python code.

For example, adding a gen_triangular function:

def gen_triangular(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)

This is similar to the gen_saw function but with a different formula.

Also, increasing the number of initial guesses by adding more functions.

But in the previous code, the guesses are generated with different frequencies and duties. Adding more guesses might increase computation time, but perhaps within the budget.

Another possible change is to adjust the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, increasing maxiter to 80 and adjusting mutation parameters.

Also, in the previous code, after differential evolution, the code performs slsqp_guess on the result, then runs refinement steps with COBYLA.

Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps would help.

But again, time is limited.

Putting it all together, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different waveforms (pulses, sawtooth, triangular).
- Use differential evolution with higher parameters.
- Apply more refinement steps with COBYLA or other methods.
- Use tighter tolerances in the optimization steps.

Now, implementing this in code with the given constraints.

The final code will look similar to the previous one, but with some changes in the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

In terms of code, the key changes would be:

- Adding more guesses with different waveform types.
- Using a different mutation strategy in differential evolution.
- Increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Possibly changing the refinement steps.

Another thing: using a better initial guess could help. For example, if the previous code's initial guesses are not good enough, adding some initial guess that's more optimal could lead to better results.

But given the code's structure, the main changes are the above.

Now, writing the code accordingly, ensuring that it stays within the token limit and time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 30:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```