<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. Let me think about how to approach this.

The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA optimization methods. It starts with an initial guess and then tries different pulse and sawtooth wave patterns as initial guesses. The main idea is to minimize the maximum overlap integral by adjusting the function h(x) which is a step function over [0,2].

Hmm, maybe I can improve this by exploring different initial configurations. The current approach uses pulses and sawtooth waves, but maybe there are other patterns that could be better. Also, maybe the optimization methods can be adjusted for better convergence.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The current code uses n=45 samples (from initial_h_values). Maybe using a larger n could help? Wait, no, because the user said smaller sequences are preferred. But maybe I can try a slightly larger n? Or perhaps the initial_h_values is already the best with 45 samples.

Alternatively, maybe the current code isn't finding the optimal solution because it's stuck in a local minimum. So, trying different initial guesses could help. Or perhaps using different optimization strategies, like a more efficient global optimization method.

The previous approach uses differential evolution for some steps. Maybe I can use a different global optimization method, like particle swarm optimization (PSO) or genetic algorithms. However, the available scipy functions include differential evolution, SLSQP, COBYLA, etc. Since the user has access to those, maybe combining different methods would be better.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over different shifts k. The maximum of the correlation function (which is what the integral corresponds to) is the C₅. So, perhaps the problem is similar to finding a function h that minimizes the maximum of the convolution of h with (1-h) shifted by various k. 

To minimize this maximum, maybe the function h should be designed to have certain periodicity or symmetry. For example, if h is a periodic function with certain properties, it might spread out the overlap.

Alternatively, using a set of points where h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others. For example, a partition of [0,2] into intervals where h is 1, and then the integral over shifts would be minimized by balancing the overlaps. But how?

Wait, the previous code uses pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe trying a more structured pattern, like a sequence of overlapping intervals, but designed in a way to minimize the maximum overlap. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (or a step function) with certain properties. If we can model the problem as an optimization with constraints, perhaps using a more efficient method for the optimization steps.

Let me look at the previous code again. It starts with initial_h_values, then tries several initial guesses generated by pulse and sawtooth functions. Then, it uses SLSQP to optimize each guess, followed by differential evolution to explore more, and finally COBYLA refinements. 

Maybe the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of just pulses and sawtooth, maybe using other functions like square waves, or even random patterns. Or, maybe generating multiple initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For instance, using a genetic algorithm for the initial exploration. But scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm, but differential evolution is similar. The current code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Another idea: the constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, the sum of the samples multiplied by dx is 1. The previous code uses n_points=45, so sum(h) must be 45/2 = 22.5. The code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. 

Alternatively, maybe the code could use a different set of initial guesses. For example, using a more optimized initial pattern that's not just pulses or sawtooth. For example, using a configuration that's symmetric or has certain spacing between intervals where h is 1.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about finding a function h such that the maximum overlap integral is minimized. This is related to the concept of a "universal" function, or one that has low maximum overlap with its translations. 

Another approach: for a function h with integral 1 over [0,2], the overlap integral for shift k is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k of this integral. Maybe the optimal h is constructed by choosing intervals where h is 1 in such a way that any shift can't have too much overlap. 

For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spread out, then shifting by k might not align with these intervals much. However, the challenge is that the integral is over the entire domain. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on some set of points and 0 elsewhere, but optimized to spread these points to minimize the maximum overlap. However, since it's a step function, it's not necessarily binary. 

Perhaps a better way is to think of the problem as a covering problem: the goal is to place intervals where h is 1 such that no translation of h can cover too much of the area. 

But this is abstract. Maybe trying different optimization strategies, such as using different starting points and varying the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses, or using different optimization methods during the steps.

Looking back at the code's structure, maybe the key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization methods. The current code uses SLSQP with several guesses, then differential evolution, and COBYLA. Perhaps the refinement steps can be made more efficient. 

Another possible improvement: instead of using differential evolution with a population size of 80, maybe using a smaller population but with more iterations, or adjusting the mutation parameters to explore better. Alternatively, using a different method like simulated annealing, but that's not available via scipy.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization strategies. For example, using differential evolution to find a good candidate and then using SLSQP for fine-tuning. 

Another thought: the previous code uses the same n_points (45) throughout. Maybe trying with different n_points. However, the user's current record uses n=45. The problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but perhaps a larger n could yield a better bound. However, the user's budget is 100 seconds, so if the code can handle larger n, that might be better. But considering the time constraints, maybe keeping n=45 is better.

Alternatively, the code can try different n_points. For example, start with n=45, then try n=60, but that would require more computation time. However, the user might not have the resources. 

Alternatively, the code can use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using random patterns, or some structured patterns that are more likely to be good candidates.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be split into different regions. For example, for shifts k where k is small, like k < 1, the overlap is between h(x) and h(x + k), but for larger k, the integral might be smaller. However, the maximum C₅ is over all k, so it's important to minimize the worst case.

Alternatively, using a function that has a certain periodic structure, like a repeated pattern that repeats every certain interval, which could help in distributing the overlap over different shifts.

Wait, the problem is similar to the concept of a "zero-correlation" sequence in signal processing. The goal is to create a function that, when shifted, has minimal overlap. So, perhaps constructing a sequence that is spread out to avoid overlaps.

Another approach could be to use multiple overlapping regions where h(x) is 1, but spaced in a way that shifting them doesn't allow too much overlap. For example, if the function h is 1 on 5 non-overlapping intervals, but the intervals are spaced in a way that any shift would cause some regions to overlap.

But how to quantify this? It's not straightforward. 

Alternatively, consider the integral over all shifts. The function h is a 2-length interval, and the maximum of the integral over shifts. 

Let me think about the current code. The code evaluates the correlation between h and (1-h) using numpy.correlate, which gives the value for each shift. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C₅. 

The previous code uses initial guesses generated by generating pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses, such as combining different frequencies and duty cycles, or even random patterns.

Wait, in the previous code, the guesses include pulses with various frequencies and sawtooth with different duty cycles. Maybe the code could generate more initial guesses by varying parameters more systematically. For example, adding more frequency values, or more duty cycles. Or adding other waveforms like square waves or triangle waves.

Alternatively, instead of using generated functions, use random initializations. For example, randomly generate h functions that meet the constraints and then optimize them. But how to generate those?

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of all overlaps, perhaps using a more global optimization method like Bayesian optimization, but scipy doesn't have that. 

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient optimization strategy for the initial steps. For example, starting with a random initial guess and optimizing it, then using that as a basis for other methods.

But given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. So, perhaps the key is to use a combination of methods and improve the initial guesses.

Let me also think about the parameters in the current code. The current code uses differential evolution with a population size of 80, but that might be too slow. Maybe reducing the population size or adjusting the mutation parameters.

Also, the code uses SLSQP with 'maxiter' set to 200 and 'ftol' to 1e-11. Maybe reducing the number of iterations could save time, but that might not lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: the code uses the same initial h_values, but maybe using a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, initializing with a random pattern that meets the integral constraint.

Wait, the current code starts with initial_h_values. If that's the best possible starting point, then that's good. But the user mentioned that we should try other starting points to avoid local optima. 

Alternatively, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns, such as stripes, checkerboard, etc., but how?

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm. However, scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm, but differential evolution is a type of evolutionary algorithm. Maybe the current code uses differential evolution, which is good for global optimization, but perhaps with different parameters.

Alternatively, the code could use a multi-start approach: run multiple optimizations with different initial guesses, and select the best result.

In the current code, the guesses are generated from pulse and sawtooth functions. Maybe generating more guesses, such as using random patterns or more complex waveforms.

Alternatively, maybe the code can generate initial guesses by randomly perturbing the initial_h_values, then running optimizations on those.

But given that the code must run within 100 seconds, and the previous approach already uses several steps, perhaps it's better to refine the existing approach.

Let me think about the structure of the code again. The code starts with initial_h_values, then generates several guesses from pulses and sawtooth. Then, for each guess, it uses SLSQP to optimize. Then, it runs differential evolution with those guesses, and then COBYLA refinements.

To improve this, perhaps:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses to cover different patterns.
2. Use a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps.
3. Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps without exceeding the budget.
4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods (like tolerance, mutation rate, etc.)

For example, generating more initial guesses by varying parameters like frequency and duty cycle. Also, using a different method for the initial steps, like differential evolution with more population size.

Another thought: the code uses the 'full' mode for numpy.correlate, which returns the full cross-correlation. For a given h, the maximum of this correlation is the C₅. However, the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts k. The current approach minimizes this maximum.

Alternatively, the code could use a different way to compute the overlap integrals, but that's already handled by numpy.correlate.

Another idea: the function h must be a step function, which in the discretized case is just a set of values between 0 and 1. So, the code is correct in representing h as such.

Another possible improvement is to use a coarser grid initially and then refine it, but that might not be necessary.

So, considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to create more initial guesses and use a combination of optimization methods with adjusted parameters to find a better solution.

In the previous code, the guesses include pulses at frequencies 3-8 and sawtooth with duty cycles 0.2-0.5. Maybe adding more frequencies or different waveforms.

For example, adding square wave patterns or other shapes. Also, perhaps using a combination of different patterns for the initial guesses.

Alternatively, the code could also generate random initial guesses that satisfy the constraints. For example, create a random array of h values that sum to the required total, then optimize from there.

But generating such guesses might be computationally expensive. However, since the code is within a 100-second budget, it's worth trying.

Another idea: during the initial steps, use differential evolution with more population size and more iterations to find a good candidate.

Additionally, in the current code, after generating the initial guesses, it uses SLSQP with 200 iterations and tight tolerances. Maybe reducing the number of iterations for SLSQP to save time, but that's a trade-off.

Another thing to consider: the code could use multiple starting points with different initial guesses. For example, using a combination of the initial_h_values, pulse, sawtooth, and random patterns. 

Let me outline the steps:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as one initial guess.
2. Generate additional initial guesses using pulses with various frequencies and duty cycles.
3. Generate more initial guesses using sawtooth functions with different parameters.
4. Generate random initial guesses that meet the sum constraint.
5. Optimize each initial guess with SLSQP.
6. Use differential evolution from the best initial guesses.
7. Refine the best result with COBYLA.

This approach might lead to a better result.

But how to generate random initial guesses? For example, create an array of 0s and 1s, then adjust to meet the sum constraint. But since h can be a step function with values between 0 and 1, perhaps generating a random array where each element is either 0 or 1, but then adjusting the values to meet the sum requirement.

Wait, the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So, if the initial guess is random, generated by setting some values to 1 and others to 0, but then adjusting the values to meet the sum.

For example, generate a random binary array (0s and 1s), compute its sum, then take the difference from n_points/2 and adjust some elements to 0.5 or other values to meet the integral constraint. However, this might be complicated.

Alternatively, generate a random array where each element is in [0,1], then scale it to meet the sum. For example, create a random array with entries in [0,1], then compute the current sum, and scale each entry by (n_points/2)/current_sum. However, this could lead to some entries exceeding 1. So, instead, generate an array with entries in [0,1], then use a method to scale them while keeping them within [0,1].

But this might be tricky. Alternatively, generate an array of numbers in [0,1] and use a rejection sampling method to ensure that the sum is n_points/2, but this would be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to generate several initial guesses using different patterns and not rely on randomness.

In the previous code, the pulse function is gen_pulses with various frequencies and duty cycles, and the sawtooth function gen_saw with different duty cycles. Adding more combinations of these parameters could generate more diverse initial guesses.

For example, for the pulse function, perhaps using frequencies from 2 to 10 and duty cycles from 0.2 to 0.8, leading to more initial guesses. 

Alternatively, also use other waveforms, but the code is limited to the available functions.

Let me think about the code again. The current code generates guesses for frequencies 3-8 and duty cycles 0.2-0.5. That's 6 frequencies and 4 duty cycles, leading to 6*4=24 guesses. Adding more frequencies and duty cycles would generate more guesses.

But the code then runs SLSQP on each of these guesses, which could be time-consuming. However, if the code can generate more guesses, it might find a better starting point.

Another idea: the code could also try generating initial guesses with multiple overlapping pulses to see if that helps.

Another possible improvement is to use a multi-step approach. For example, first find a good candidate using a method that's fast, then refine it with more precise optimization.

In the current code, the initial h is used as a guess, but perhaps generating more guesses and optimizing them could lead to better results.

Let me also consider the parameters in the differential evolution step. The code uses popsize=80, maxiter=40, mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, and tolerance 1e-9. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better exploration.

Additionally, the code runs the differential evolution twice, with some iterations, then COBYLA refinements. Perhaps extending the number of iterations in differential evolution or adjusting the mutation parameters could help.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the COBYLA method for the initial optimization, which handles bounds and equality constraints.

But the code is already using SLSQP for optimizing each initial guess.

Another thought: the maximum overlap C5 is determined by the maximum over all shifts. So, perhaps the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This resembles the concept of a "sparse" function, where h is 1 in certain regions and 0 elsewhere, but the regions are spread out.

So, maybe the initial guesses should be more sparse. For example, using patterns that have intervals where h is 1, but with varying widths and positions.

In the current code, the pulse functions are generated with varying frequencies. A higher frequency might create more intervals, but possibly leading to higher overlap. However, with a duty cycle of 0.5, it could create balanced intervals.

Alternatively, a lower frequency with a higher duty cycle might create longer intervals, which might have more overlap when shifted.

Another possible approach is to use a function that has multiple intervals, each spaced apart, such that any shift would not align them closely. For example, a function that is 1 on 5 non-overlapping intervals, each of width (2/5), but spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

But again, how to ensure that? It's unclear. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as a scheduling problem, where the goal is to schedule intervals (times when h is 1) such that the overlap with any shifted schedule is minimized.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to design such a pattern. 

Considering all possibilities, the code's previous approach is a good start. To improve it, perhaps the following changes could be made:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses by varying the parameters of the pulse and sawtooth functions.
- Use differential evolution with different parameters to explore more.
- Try alternative initial guesses, such as random patterns or other waveforms.
- Refine the optimization steps by adjusting parameters, increasing iterations, or using different methods.

Given the time constraints and the need to fit into the 100-second budget, the best approach might be to generate more initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters to explore more thoroughly.

So, modifying the previous code:

1. Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more pulse and sawtooth variations.
2. Adjust the differential evolution parameters to explore better.
3. Use more iterations in the optimization steps.
4. Ensure that the code exits before the budget runs out.

Another thing to note is that the previous code uses a check to break the loop if the time is running out. The current code has loops that run for a certain number of iterations, but might be limited by time.

So, in the code, instead of using fixed iterations for differential evolution, perhaps using a time-based condition to stop earlier if needed.

Additionally, the code could use more efficient methods for the optimization steps. For example, using the COBYLA method for refinement steps.

In the previous code, after the initial optimizations, the code runs refine (COBYLA) for 3 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps could help.

Putting all this together, here's how the code can be modified:

- Generate more initial guesses with varied parameters.
- Use differential evolution with a smaller population size and more iterations.
- Use COBYLA for refinement steps with more iterations.

Now, considering the code's structure, the code defines a function run that returns the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

So, the steps for the code would be:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate additional guesses via pulses and sawtooth with more parameters.
3. Optimize each guess with SLSQP.
4. Run differential evolution on the best guesses.
5. Refine the result with COBYLA.

The code should also ensure that the optimization steps don't exceed the time budget.

Another possible change is to use the bounds in the optimization correctly. For example, ensuring that the bounds are applied properly to each h value.

In conclusion, the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps, and explore different methods to find a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.3))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for _ in range(5):
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
        guesses.append(np.clip(h + noise, 0, 1))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```