<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code attempted to use a combination of different heuristics like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA, but the target is to beat the current record of 0.38085.

First, I need to understand what the current code does. It starts with an initial guess, then uses various optimization methods to refine the function h. It generates different pulse and sawtooth patterns as initial guesses, and then uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA to minimize the maximum overlap. However, the previous result was 0.381142, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876. So there's room for improvement.

Hmm. The problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is the C₅ value. The challenge is to find a function h that spreads out the 1s as much as possible to minimize the overlap when shifted. Since the integral is over [0,2], when you shift h by k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). The maximum over all k is our objective.

I think the key here is to find a function h that has a regular structure, maybe with periodic patterns, but adjusted to avoid peaks when shifted. The initial approach used pulse and sawtooth functions, but perhaps there's a better way to construct h. Maybe using more complex patterns with different frequencies or duty cycles could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for more precise optimization, but given the time budget, that's not feasible. Alternatively, using a lower number of points (like 100 or so) might allow for more structure, but need to balance between the number of points and computational time.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using n_points around 100 would be better? But the previous code uses 45 points. However, the current initial_h_values may be for 45 points. If I can use a different starting point with more points, perhaps that's better. But I need to check if the initial_h_values is available.

The user mentioned that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So assuming that it's a 45-point array, perhaps the current code uses that. But I need to consider that maybe using a different starting point could help escape local optima.

Alternatively, maybe the approach can be improved by using a more sophisticated optimization strategy. For example, instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps a Bayesian optimization approach, but that might be too slow within the time budget.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over different shifts. To minimize the maximum, the function should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap is as uniform as possible. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want to minimize the peak of the cross-correlation. Such problems often require periodic functions with certain properties.

Wait, the function h is defined on [0,2], and the integral is over the entire domain. When you shift by k, you have to consider how the overlap integrates. For example, if h is a periodic function, maybe with period 2, then shifting by k could lead to overlapping regions that can be calculated more easily.

But the function is defined on [0,2], so maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain symmetry. For instance, a sine-based waveform, or a piecewise constant function with specific intervals.

Wait, the initial code tried generating pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe instead of those, using a more complex waveform, such as a combination of multiple pulses with varying phases and amplitudes, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function h to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, in each iteration, identify the shift k that gives the highest overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that overlap. But how to implement this globally?

Another idea: since the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)), maybe we can model this as a maximization problem for each k, and then find the h that minimizes the maximum over all k. This is a minimax problem, which is challenging. However, perhaps using a convex relaxation or other approximation methods could help.

Wait, the constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral over [0,2] is 1. So the sum is fixed. Maybe the problem is similar to designing a "spreading" function that doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions.

Let me think about the initial approach. The previous code used different heuristics and tried multiple initial guesses. The current code's best result is 0.381142. To get below 0.380876, we need to find a better h.

Perhaps the key is to use more structured optimization. For example, instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, maybe a better method is to use a genetic algorithm with some mutation and crossover strategies tailored to this problem. But the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. However, maybe adjusting the parameters could help.

Wait, another possible approach is to model this as an optimization problem where we try to balance the overlaps across all shifts. However, since the maximum is the objective, this requires ensuring that no single shift results in a large overlap.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based approach, but the problem is non-convex and the objective function is non-smooth, which makes gradient methods challenging.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Let's see if the number of points affects the result. For example, if using more points allows for a more precise h that can better distribute the 1s, but this may not be feasible within the time constraints. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps using 100 points would be better, but need to check.

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach. For example, starting with a good initial guess and then refining it with a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, DE, and COBYLA. Maybe combining them in a smarter way.

Wait, the initial approach tried various pulse and sawtooth patterns. What if instead of generating those, we use more tailored initial guesses that are designed to minimize the overlap? For example, a function with multiple segments that are spaced out to avoid overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, using a function that is the sum of several pulses in a way that their positions are optimized. For example, placing pulses at certain intervals so that their overlaps when shifted are minimized.

Wait, the problem is similar to a covering problem where the pulses are spaced in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap. But since the function is continuous and we can adjust the shape, perhaps there's a way to create a function with a specific frequency and pattern that inherently reduces the overlap.

Another angle: the overlap integral can be viewed as the integral of h(x) minus the integral of h(x)h(x+k). Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the overlap is 1 - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx. Wait, no. The original integral is ∫h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx = ∫h(x) dx - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. The first term is 1, so the integral becomes 1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, the C₅ is the maximum over k of 1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx. Hence, minimizing C₅ is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx over all k. So the problem is to find h that maximizes the minimal overlap integral over shifts. Wait, no. The original problem is to minimize the maximum of (1 - ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx). So to minimize the maximum, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx over k. So the objective is to make the smallest of these integrals as large as possible. That's the dual problem. So the goal is to design h such that for all shifts k, ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx is large, which might suggest that h should be spread out as evenly as possible.

This seems like a problem related to the concept of "mutual coherence" in signal processing. If h is a function that is spread out, then when shifted, the integral ∫h(x)h(x+k) dx would be smaller. Wait, but the opposite: the maximum of C₅ is being minimized. So we want to arrange h such that when shifted, the overlap is as small as possible, but we need to minimize the maximum of these overlaps. So the function h should be designed such that it's as "spread out" as possible.

An ideal scenario would be if h is a periodic function with a certain period, so that when shifted by the period, the overlap is minimized. But since the domain is [0, 2], and we're integrating over shifts, this could be challenging.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (0s and 1s) that has as much spacing as possible between the 1s. However, the problem allows h to be a continuous function between 0 and 1. So maybe the optimal solution is a function that approximates a binary function with spacing between the 1s.

For example, if h is a series of pulses separated by a certain distance, then shifting by that distance would result in overlaps that are minimized. However, since the domain is [0, 2], the number of such pulses would be constrained by the integral condition.

For instance, if we have m pulses, each with width w, then the total integral is m * w * (height). But since the integral of h over [0, 2] must be 1, if the pulses are of height 1, then the total area is m*w. Wait, but the function can be any shape as long as it integrates to 1.

But since the goal is to minimize overlap when shifted, a function with as many distinct regions as possible might be better. For example, if h is a binary function with 1s in certain intervals and 0s otherwise, and those intervals are spaced out, then shifting by the spacing would result in no overlap. However, due to the integral constraint, the number of 1s is limited.

Wait, the integral over [0,2] of h(x) is 1. So if h is a binary pulse with value 1 in one interval of length L, then L must be 1. If we have two such pulses, each of length 0.5, then the total area is 2 * 0.5 = 1, but the spacing between them would affect the overlap. However, for shifts that fall in between the pulses, the overlap would be zero, and for shifts that shift a pulse into the next, the overlap would be the area of overlap between the pulses.

But since the problem allows h to be continuous, maybe a better approach is to use a function that is smooth and has periods where it is 1 and 0, but with transitions that minimize overlap. However, I'm not sure.

Another idea: the problem resembles the concept of a "sparse" function. If h is sparse (has many zeros), then the overlap with shifted versions might be smaller. But due to the integral constraint, the total area is fixed, so sparsity is limited.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for a function h and its shifted version is related to the energy of the convolution. The maximum overlap corresponds to the maximum convolution of h with itself. So maybe this problem relates to the design of functions with minimal maximum convolution.

In signal processing, functions that are "flat" in their autocorrelation (like a square wave) have minimal autocorrelation at certain lags. But how to construct such a function?

Perhaps a better approach is to model this as an optimization problem with the objective to minimize the maximum convolution. Given that, we can use a surrogate for the maximum convolution and optimize accordingly.

But how to compute that maximum efficiently? The previous code uses numpy.correlate with mode='full' to compute the convolution, then takes the maximum. That's accurate but computationally intensive. However, for optimization, this is necessary.

The current code uses a combination of optimization methods. Perhaps the key is to refine the initial guesses more effectively. For example, instead of using a fixed set of guesses, generate more diverse initializations, such as varying the number of segments or the spacing between them.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, such as a trust region method, but that might not be available in the scipy.optimize library as easily as the current setup.

Another thought: the differential evolution method is used in the previous code, which is a global optimization method. However, the parameters for differential evolution (like population size, mutation rate, etc.) could be adjusted for better convergence. For example, increasing the population size might help in exploring the search space more effectively, but at the cost of computational time.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, we need to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken. Maybe using a smaller population size but more iterations could be better. Alternatively, combining differential evolution with local refinement steps.

Another angle: the initial solution might have a structure that can be further optimized. For example, which parts of the function h can be adjusted to reduce the overlap at certain shifts?

Alternatively, using a more structured approach. For example, assume that the optimal solution has a certain symmetry, and use that to reduce the search space.

But without knowing the exact structure, this is speculative. Perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by adjusting the parameters and adding more tailored initializations.

Let's think about how to improve the code. The previous code tried a few initial guesses (pulses and sawtooth functions), but maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using different frequencies, amplitudes, or other waveforms that are less likely to be local minima.

Alternatively, what if we use a genetic algorithm? The previous code uses differential evolution, which is similar but not exactly a genetic algorithm. However, the code might be modified to generate more varied initial populations.

Another idea: use the fact that the problem is a minimax objective and try to model it as a bilevel optimization problem. However, this is complex and might not be feasible to implement quickly.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap is maximized for certain shifts, and those shifts can be determined by the frequency of the function h. For example, if h has a frequency that is related to the optimal shift, we can adjust the function to de-emphasize those overlaps.

Perhaps the current approach is too time-consuming. Let me think about what the code can be optimized for. For example, the current code uses multiple optimization steps, which might be redundant. Perhaps focusing on a few more sophisticated initial guesses and using a more efficient optimization method.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. If the initial guess is good, it might converge quickly. But if the initial guess is bad, it might get stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps the key is to generate better initial guesses.

For example, instead of just generating pulses and sawtooth functions, generate functions with varying numbers of segments or different spacing patterns. For example, generating functions that are combinations of multiple pulses spaced apart in a way that avoids overlapping.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of sine waves that cancel each other out at certain frequencies. However, this would require a deeper understanding of how the overlaps are formed.

Alternatively, what if the function h is designed to have a certain periodicity and symmetry? For example, h(x) is periodic with period 2, and designed such that it avoids overlap when shifted by certain intervals.

But I'm not sure. Perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters. For example, using more varied pulse shapes or different frequency components.

Let me outline the steps to improve the code:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses for h. The previous code used pulses and sawtooth functions. Maybe include other shapes like triangle waves, or functions with varying duty cycles.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods used to ensure that the search is more effective. For example, in differential evolution, increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

3. Incorporate more thorough refinement steps using different optimization algorithms. For example, using COBYLA for local refinement after global exploration.

4. Consider using a different starting point. If the initial_h_values is a 45-point array, maybe a better starting point can be generated with more structure, such as a function with multiple segments spaced out.

Another idea: use a heuristic that builds h as a series of segments, each with a certain length and position, and then optimizes their positions and lengths to minimize overlap. However, this would require more complex code.

Alternatively, what if the function h is designed to have a certain number of regions where it's 1, and those regions are optimally spaced? For example, if there are 5 regions, each of certain length, spaced apart such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. However, this would require determining the optimal number and positions of these regions, which is a challenging optimization problem.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the existing code by generating more varied initial guesses and adjusting the optimization parameters to find better solutions.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles.

- Use a higher number of initial guesses to explore the search space more thoroughly.

- Adjust the parameters of differential evolution (like population size, mutation rate, etc.) for better convergence.

- Refine using different optimization methods, such as using a combination of SLSQP and COBYLA.

Another possible tweak: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (45). If we can increase the resolution (more points), maybe we can achieve a better result. But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, using more points may allow for a more precise function, which could help.

Wait, the function is defined for n_points samples over [0,2]. So, for n_points=45, dx=2/45≈0.0444. If we increase to n_points=50, dx=0.04, that's a larger dx but still manageable. However, increasing the number of points would increase computational time. But since the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps using a higher n_points (like 100) could be feasible with better optimization.

But the code may not need to change n_points. The problem says to use n_points as part of the solution. However, the initial code uses the initial_h_values which is likely for n_points=45. So maybe we cannot change that, or we can use a different n_points.

Wait, the initial_h_values is not provided, but according to the problem statement, the code can use it directly. So if it's available, we can use it. Otherwise, generate a starting point. But the user says that the initial_h_values is available if a parent construction exists, so in this case, we can assume it's available.

But to avoid being stuck in a local minimum, maybe generating different starting points by varying the initial_h_values.

For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, perhaps generating a similar pattern but with different parameters (like different pulse positions) could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using fixed pulse and sawtooth functions, generate initial guesses that are better suited for minimizing overlap. For example, using functions that have a more uniform distribution of 1s.

Alternatively, use a function that has multiple segments with varying heights to spread the mass more uniformly. For instance, a piecewise linear function that rises and falls in a way that reduces overlap when shifted.

But how to generate this algorithmically? Maybe using a combination of sine waves or other periodic functions.

Another idea: the previous code uses the 'gen_pulses' and 'gen_saw' functions. Perhaps adding a 'gen_triangle' function could provide more diverse initial guesses.

So in the code, after generating the pulse and sawtooth functions, adding a triangle wave as another initial guess.

Moreover, the code loops over frequencies and duty cycles. Perhaps expanding those ranges to include more possibilities.

Alternatively, for the gen_saw function, varying the frequency and duty cycle could produce different patterns.

In addition to that, the code uses SLSQP for refinement. Maybe using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, could help in some cases. However, scipy.optimize has that as well.

But the previous code uses a range of methods. Maybe the key is to focus on generating better initial guesses and then refining them with more powerful optimization techniques.

Another possible improvement: instead of running the differential evolution for a fixed number of iterations, adjust the number of iterations based on the remaining time. However, the previous code has a time check to terminate early if the budget is nearly exhausted.

In summary, the modifications would include:

- Expanding the set of initial guesses with more varied waveforms (like triangle waves).

- Adjusting parameters of the optimization methods (population size, mutation rates, etc.) for differential evolution and other algorithms.

- Using a more systematic approach to generate diverse starting points.

- Incorporating more refinement steps with different optimization algorithms.

Given the time constraints, the code needs to be efficient. So the plan is to enhance the initial guesses and adjust the optimization parameters to find a better solution.

Now, translating this into code. The existing code uses gen_pulses and gen_saw, so adding gen_triangle. Then, expanding the frequencies and duty cycles. Moreover, in the code, the initial guesses are a list of different waveforms. So modifying that part.

Also, adjusting the parameters for differential evolution, like increasing the population size, adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Another thing to note: the previous code's differential evolution uses 'popsize=80' which might be too large for the time budget. Maybe reducing it to a smaller size, like 40 or 50, to save time and allow more iterations.

Another optimization: the code runs differential evolution for a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter value would allow for better convergence, but again, time is limited.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization steps.

Given all this, here's a revised approach:

1. Generate initial guesses that include pulse, sawtooth, and triangle wave functions with various frequencies and duty cycles.

2. Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space.

3. Use SLSQP for local refinement after finding a good candidate.

4. Ensure that the code is efficient and tracks the elapsed time to stop early if needed.

Now, translating this into code. The code would look something like this:

- Define additional generator functions for different waveform types.

- Expand the list of initial guesses with more waveforms.

- Adjust parameters of the optimization methods.

Finally, the code should return the best solution found, along with the C₅ value and the number of points.

By making these changes, the code may find a better solution that reduces the C₅ value below the current record.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulse(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.clip(2 * np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) - 1, 0, 1)
        return np.clip(wave * duty, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulse(freq, 0.3))
    for duty in [0.25, 0.35, 0.45, 0.55]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(2, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=60, maxiter=45,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.85), recombination=0.7, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```