<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than that. The user provided a previous Python code that uses optimization techniques like SLSQP, differential evolution, and COBYLA. My job is to think of a better approach than that.

Let me start by understanding the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the maximum of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. The lower this maximum, the better.

The previous code starts from an initial_h_values and uses various optimization methods. But maybe there's a smarter way. Let me think about possible strategies.

First, the current approach uses a population-based algorithm (differential evolution) followed by local optimization. Maybe there's a way to improve the initial guess or the optimization steps. Also, perhaps exploring different structures for h could help. For example, maybe using more symmetric patterns or specific waveforms that are better suited to minimize overlaps.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem. The function h(x) needs to be spread out enough so that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. Maybe using a structure that's optimally spaced, like a periodic function with certain properties.

The previous code uses pulses and sawtooth waves as initial guesses. Maybe trying other waveforms, like a square wave with varying duty cycles, or something more complex. Also, maybe combining different patterns or using a more structured approach.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to a Chebyshev approximation problem. Perhaps formulating this as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure. The integral over k of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be tricky to handle, but maybe for specific k, there's a way to model it.

Wait, the maximum over k is what we need to minimize. So for each shift k, compute the integral and take the maximum. The challenge is to find a function h such that this maximum is as small as possible.

The current code uses a grid search over possible initial guesses, but maybe a better approach is to use more informed initializations. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place intervals in h such that they avoid overlapping too much when shifted.

Another approach is to think about the problem as a binary optimization problem. Since h is a step function, perhaps it's a binary variable (0 or 1) at each point, but with the integral constraint. However, with more points, this becomes combinatorial and intractable. So maybe a continuous relaxation is needed.

But the previous code uses a continuous approach, so perhaps using a better continuous optimization method or a different representation. For instance, using a Fourier series representation for h, which might help in analyzing overlaps.

Wait, the overlap integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we think of h as a function, then h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) is the product of h and the complement of h shifted by k. The maximum of this integral over k would be the worst-case overlap. So, perhaps designing h such that it avoids large overlaps with its shifted versions.

Maybe using a function that's symmetric or has certain periodic properties. For example, if h is designed to be periodic with period 2, but that's already the domain of the function. Alternatively, making h have a certain frequency that ensures that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another thought: since the integral over h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function h(x) is like a probability distribution, and 1 - h(x) is its complement. The overlap is then like the expected value of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)), which is the product of two complementary distributions. To minimize the maximum of this expectation over k.

In the current code, they use differential evolution to explore the search space. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, such as a genetic algorithm with better mutation strategies, or using Bayesian optimization. However, with the time budget, maybe it's better to stick to existing methods but improve their parameters.

Another angle: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses (pulses and sawtooth waves). Maybe trying more initial guesses, especially ones that are more optimized. For example, using a function that is a combination of different waveforms, or a more balanced distribution of 1s and 0s.

Wait, the current initial guess is initial_h_values. Maybe I should generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using a random permutation of the points, or starting with a uniform distribution but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. Or using a function that's periodic with a certain number of intervals.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be interpreted as the convolution of h and (1 - h), scaled by dx. Wait, the function (1 - h(x +k)) is equivalent to shifting 1 - h by -k. So the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx is the same as the correlation of h with 1 - h evaluated at shift k. Therefore, the maximum of these correlations over all shifts k is what we need to minimize.

Therefore, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation between h and 1 - h. Which is similar to finding a function h that has minimal cross-correlation with its own complement. This is similar to the concept of a "zero-correlation" sequence, but in this case, we need to minimize the maximum cross-correlation.

In signal processing, techniques like the Welch bound or using orthogonal sequences are used for low cross-correlation. However, here we have a constraint on the integral of h, which is different.

Alternatively, thinking of this as a design of a binary sequence (if h is binary) with certain properties. But since h is a step function with real values, perhaps a continuous approach is needed.

Another thought: the problem can be transformed into a problem of minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation, which could be approached using semidefinite programming or other optimization techniques. However, this is likely computationally intensive unless we can find a way to relax the problem.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a more efficient optimization approach. For example, using a combination of different optimization methods, or using a surrogate function that approximates the objective function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values for all shifts, but with the current code, it's handled via numpy.correlate.

Wait, the current code uses the numpy.correlate function with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. But for the problem, since x is in [0, 2], the shifts k would be in the range that makes x + k still within [0, 2]. However, the code computes the full correlation, which includes all shifts, including those that might go out of bounds. But since we are integrating over x, perhaps the actual valid shifts are those where x +k is in [0, 2]. However, the code may be considering all possible shifts, but the integrals are over the overlapping regions.

But perhaps for optimization purposes, it's sufficient to consider shifts in a certain range. However, the exact details are handled by the code.

Another approach: instead of using a step function with a fixed number of points, perhaps using a function that's more naturally structured, such as piecewise linear functions with certain breakpoints. But how to model that in the optimization?

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a population that evolves towards better solutions. However, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm. But perhaps adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, like the mutation rate, crossover probability, or population size, could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the problem has a symmetry in the domain [0,2], maybe the optimal function h is symmetric with respect to the midpoint of the interval. For example, if h(x) = h(2 - x), then the function is symmetric. This symmetry could reduce the search space by half and may lead to a lower maximum overlap.

Testing this idea, perhaps creating initial guesses that are symmetric and then optimizing them. The previous code uses initial guesses that aren't necessarily symmetric, so maybe that's a factor in the current suboptimal solution.

Another consideration: the current code uses multiple steps: starting from initial guesses, then differential evolution, then SLSQP refinement. Maybe the refinement steps could be more effective. For example, using a different optimization method in the refinement phase, or adjusting the number of iterations.

Also, the code may be getting stuck in local minima. Using a more diverse set of initial guesses could help escape local minima. For example, generating more random initializations that meet the constraints, or using different patterns.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of points, perhaps varying the number of points to find the optimal solution. However, the user wants to use sequences with less than 1k samples, so maybe using n_points = 100 or 200. But the initial code uses 45 samples (initial_h_values), so perhaps using a larger n_points could help. However, with higher n_points, the optimization becomes more complex and time-consuming. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe using a larger n_points is feasible.

But the previous code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values, which is 45. So to explore a larger n_points, perhaps the code should generate a larger array. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, but perhaps with a better optimization strategy, even a larger n_points could be manageable.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred because they are faster. So maybe using n_points = 100 would be manageable, but the code has to be efficient.

Another idea: the current code uses different initial guesses, including pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding other types of initial guesses, such as triangular waves or more complex waveforms. For example, a waveform that has high and low regions that are spread out, reducing overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe using a more mathematical approach. For example, considering that the optimal h should have a certain property, such as being a function that can be represented as a sum of basis functions with specific coefficients, and then optimizing those coefficients.

But that might be too abstract. Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. If we take the Fourier transform of h, then the cross-correlation with 1 - h would involve the product of their Fourier transforms. However, since the integral is over a finite interval, the Fourier analysis might be more complex.

But perhaps considering that the maximum overlap is related to the maximum frequency content of the function. For example, functions with low frequency content may have lower cross-correlation with their shifted versions. So designing h to be aperiodic or with a certain frequency band could help.

Alternatively, think of h as a time series and apply techniques from signal processing, such as designing it to have minimal autocorrelation. For example, a function with minimal autocorrelation would have a low maximum overlap when shifted by different k's.

This brings to mind the concept of a "minimum autocorrelation" sequence, like a Barker code in radar systems. However, the exact application here differs because we are dealing with a cross-correlation of h with 1 - h, not with itself.

But maybe the optimal function h has minimal cross-correlation with (1 - h). This would imply that h and (1 - h) are as orthogonal as possible. However, since h and (1 - h) are complementary, their product is zero, but the cross-correlation is not necessarily zero.

Hmm. Maybe this line of thinking isn't directly applicable.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average of h is 0.5. Let's think of h as a binary variable, but in reality, it's continuous. If we consider h to be binary (0 or 1), then the integral is 1, implying that exactly half of the points are 1 and the other half are 0. However, for a continuous function, this is an approximation. Maybe using such a binary-like structure could be beneficial. For example, arranging the 1s and 0s in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

In this case, the problem becomes similar to placing clusters of 1s such that their shifted versions do not overlap much. For example, placing 1s in non-overlapping blocks. But with the integral constraint, the number of 1s would depend on the number of points. However, this approach could lead to lower overlaps.

But since h is a step function, perhaps it's better to have it as a binary function with certain positions. However, the previous code uses continuous values, so maybe this approach isn't directly applicable. 

Alternatively, the current code uses a continuous optimization, but perhaps a better way is to start with a binary-like function and then allow continuous relaxation. For example, using a binary mask and then smoothing the transitions.

Another thought: the optimization problem could be reformulated as minimizing the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since this is a convex problem in terms of the maximum, but the integral is linear, perhaps we can approach it using convex optimization techniques.

But the maximum of linear functions is convex, so the problem is a convex optimization problem. However, the variables are the values of h(x) at each point. However, the integral over x is in the objective, so the problem is a convex optimization problem if the integral is treated as a linear function.

Wait, but the integral over x of h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx can be written as the dot product of h with a shifted version of (1 - h). So, the maximum over k of such dot products is the objective. This is a non-convex problem because of the max over k. However, for each k, the integral is a linear function in terms of h, but the max makes it non-convex.

So, the problem is non-convex. Therefore, optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, or genetic algorithms are needed. These methods can find good local minima, but may not find the global one. However, given the time constraints, it's possible that the current code is already doing a reasonable job, and the challenge is to improve upon it.

So, perhaps the way to improve is to find a better initial guess that's closer to the optimal solution. The previous code uses initial_h_values and some generated guesses (pulses and sawtooth waves). Maybe generating a better initial guess by considering symmetric patterns or specific structures.

For example, a symmetric function that is periodic with a certain period. Let's think of a function that is symmetric around x=1, and has a certain pattern repeated. If the function is symmetric, then the overlap might be minimized due to the balanced distribution.

Another approach: since the problem involves two shifts, perhaps considering the function h(x) that has a certain number of intervals where it's 1 and where it's 0, arranged optimally. For example, placing the 1 intervals such that when shifted by different amounts, they don't overlap much.

For instance, if we have m intervals of width d where h(x)=1, spaced out in such a way that their shifted versions overlap minimally. However, the exact arrangement would depend on the integral constraint. The total integral is 1, so the total length of the 1 intervals is 1 * dx (since the integral is sum(h) * dx = 1). Wait, no: the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1. If h(x) is 1 on intervals of length l_i, then the sum of l_i = 1. So the total length of the 1 regions is 1. The width of the interval [0,2] is 2 units.

So the average length of the 1 regions is 1/2 of the total interval, which is 1 unit. So if we arrange the 1 regions to be spaced out as much as possible, perhaps this would minimize overlap when shifted.

But this is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize overlap. For example, in the case where we have to place several intervals of length l, spaced out in a way that shifting them by k would minimally overlap with other intervals.

This seems similar to the concept of a "non-overlapping" arrangement, but since k can be any value, we need to ensure that for every possible shift, the overlap is low.

But how to model this? It might be too abstract. However, if we think of h(x) as a binary variable (1s and 0s), then the problem becomes placing these intervals such that their shifted versions don't overlap much. The optimal arrangement would be to spread the intervals as evenly as possible.

For example, if there are m intervals each of length l, then the optimal spacing between them would be such that each interval is as far apart as possible. For example, if we have m intervals, then the distance between the start of each interval would be such that they don't overlap. However, since the shifts k are continuous, this is not directly applicable.

Alternatively, the function could be a periodic function with a certain frequency. For example, if h(x) is a periodic function with period p, then shifting by p would leave it unchanged. However, the maximum overlap would depend on the structure of the function.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to modify the previous code. Here are some possible improvements:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses. The previous code uses pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding other types of functions, such as triangular waves, or functions with more complex patterns.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For example, increasing the population size for differential evolution, or adjusting the mutation and crossover rates.

3. Use a more effective refinement step. For instance, using a different optimization method like BFGS if the function is smooth, or using a hybrid approach of different methods.

4. Consider symmetry in the initial guesses and during optimization. For example, generating symmetric functions and optimizing them.

5. Use a different initial guess that is better than the initial_h_values. Maybe the initial_h_values are not optimal and could be replaced by a better starting point.

6. Use a higher n_points and check if the time budget allows for it. For example, doubling the number of points to 90 or 100 could lead to better optimization, but may be too slow. However, the previous code uses 45 points, which is relatively small.

7. Combine multiple optimization methods in a more structured way. For example, running differential evolution first, then using SLSQP for local refinement, and then using another method.

Let me think about how to implement some of these ideas in the code.

For example, expanding the initial guesses: instead of just pulses and sawtooth waves, generate more diverse patterns. Also, maybe using a more sophisticated approach to generate initial guesses.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then apply some tweaks. For example, perturbing the initial_h_values in a way that introduces more diversity.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values are already a good starting point, and the previous code's suboptimality comes from the optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is run with popsize=80, maxiter=40, which might be too low. Increasing the number of iterations or the population size could allow for better exploration.

Another possibility is to run multiple optimization steps with different starting points and pick the best one.

Also, the refinement step uses COBYLA with 150 iterations. Maybe increasing this or using another method could help.

But considering the time budget, the code needs to be as efficient as possible.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is a non-smooth function, using optimization methods that are robust to such non-smoothness would be better. For example, using a derivative-free method like differential evolution, which the previous code already does.

So, to improve upon the previous code:

- Generate a wider variety of initial guesses, possibly including functions that are more structured (e.g., symmetric, periodic).
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization steps to allow for better exploration and exploitation.
- Add more refinement steps with different optimization methods.
- Utilize the symmetry of the problem to reduce the search space.

Now, how to implement this in code?

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code generates pulses and sawtooth waves. Maybe adding triangular waves, or other waveforms. Also, generating random initializations that meet the constraints.

For example:

- Generate random initial h that satisfies the sum constraint.
- Generate symmetric functions by mirroring the initial_h_values or creating symmetric patterns.
- Create a function that generates a binary-like pattern with optimized spacing.

But generating these in code.

Another idea: for a more optimal initial guess, create a function that is a sum of delta functions (pulses) arranged in a way that maximizes the minimal overlap. However, without knowing the optimal arrangement, this is a bit of a guess.

Alternatively, for a more structured initial guess, create a function with a certain number of evenly spaced intervals of 1s, such that they are spread out as much as possible. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into m equal parts, and setting h(x) = 1 in one of those parts, and 0 elsewhere. However, the sum of h would be a certain value, so scaling would be needed to meet the integral constraint.

But this is just an example. The key is to generate diverse initial guesses that are likely to lead to better solutions.

In the code, the initial guesses are generated with gen_pulses and gen_saw. Let's think about adding more functions. For example, a triangular wave, or a sine wave with certain parameters.

But how to create these in code?

For example, a triangular wave can be generated by a linear ramp up and down. For a specific frequency and duty cycle. Or a sine wave with certain frequencies.

Alternatively, creating a function that has multiple peaks and valleys to spread out the 1s.

Another approach: use the initial_h_values as a base and perturb them, but this might not be effective.

Alternatively, generate a function that is a combination of the previous pulses and the symmetric versions.

Also, considering the previous code's use of the 'gen_pulses' and 'gen_saw' functions, perhaps generating more versions of these with different parameters.

In the previous code, pulses are generated with frequencies from 3 to 8 and duty cycle 0.5. For sawtooth, duty cycles of 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5. Maybe adding more frequency options or duty cycles could provide better initial guesses.

But with the time budget, maybe it's better to generate a few more variations.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses and then generate random valid h functions that meet the sum constraint.

For example, generating random h by sampling from a uniform distribution but adjusting to meet the integral constraint.

However, this could be time-consuming. But if done efficiently, it could provide a good initial guess.

But the code may not have enough time to generate many random guesses. So maybe using a few random guesses in addition to the pulses and sawtooth functions.

In the previous code, the guesses list is initialized with the initial_h_values and then adds pulses and sawtooth guesses. Maybe adding more random guesses could help.

Now, considering the code structure. The code defines several helper functions, including gen_pulses and gen_saw. To diversify the initial guesses, perhaps adding a helper function to generate random h functions.

For example:

def gen_random():
    # Generate a random h that satisfies sum(h) = n_points / 2
    # Use a uniform random distribution and then adjust to meet the constraint
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    # Scale to meet the sum constraint
    current_sum = np.sum(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    scaling = target_sum / current_sum
    h = h * scaling
    # Clip to [0, 1]
    h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    return h

But this could be a way to generate random initial guesses. However, the generated h may not be effective, but adding a few such guesses to the guesses list may help.

Another thought: using a binary-like initial guess with a certain number of 1s and 0s, distributed in a way that they are spread out.

For example, if the integral is 1, and the interval length is 2, then the area under h is 1. If we model h as a binary function with m intervals of width delta, then m * delta = 1. And the spacing between the intervals should be as large as possible to minimize overlap when shifted.

But designing such a function would require determining the optimal placement of the intervals.

However, this is complex to model in code without knowing the exact optimal arrangement.

Alternatively, generate a binary function by selecting positions where h(x)=1, such that they are spread out. For example, choosing positions at intervals of 2/m, where m is the number of 1s.

But again, this requires a way to generate such positions.

In the code, perhaps generating such a binary h function as an initial guess could be beneficial.

Once these initial guesses are generated, the optimization process would have more chances to find a better solution.

Another idea: during the differential evolution step, using a larger population size and more iterations to explore the search space thoroughly.

Additionally, the code uses 'slsqp_guess' for refinement, which could be optimized by using different methods or more iterations.

Another possibility is to combine different optimization steps. For example, running differential evolution with a larger number of iterations, then switching to another method for local refinement.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, there's a COBYLA refinement step. Perhaps using a more robust method like SLSQP or using multiple refinement steps with different methods.

Now, putting all these ideas into code changes.

The main changes I can think of are:

1. Adding more initial guesses, such as random guesses, binary-like functions, or other waveforms.
2. Adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution and other optimization steps to allow for better exploration.
3. Performing more refinement steps with different methods.
4. Ensuring that the code respects the time budget and returns the best solution within it.

To implement this, I'll modify the code as follows:

- Add a function to generate random initial guesses that meet the sum constraint.
- Add more initial guess functions, like triangular waves or other waveforms.
- Increase the population size and number of iterations in differential evolution.
- Perform more refinement steps using different optimization methods.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code has:

guesses = [h]
for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))

So to add more guesses, I can add:

def gen_tri(freq, duty):
    x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
    # Triangle wave: this is a bit tricky, but for illustration, maybe use a different formula
    # Alternatively, use a triangular wave using the absolute value function
    # Here's a simple approach: a triangle wave with certain frequency and duty cycle
    # This is a placeholder, need to adjust the function
    return np.clip((1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)) * duty, 0, 1)

But I need to create a proper triangular wave. Alternatively, using a combination of sine functions.

But perhaps for the purpose of this, I can generate another type of function. For example, a square wave with varying duty cycle, which the previous code already includes.

Alternatively, generate a function with multiple peaks. For example, a function that is a sum of several pulses spaced out.

But generating such functions is complex. So, perhaps adding the random initial guesses.

Defining a gen_random function as discussed earlier.

Then, adding a few random guesses to the initial guesses list.

Another thing: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe generating a few random guesses and adding them to the guesses list would give better diversity.

Also, in the code, the 'gen_saw' function uses a certain formula. Maybe there's a way to generate more variations of this.

In any case, modifying the code to include more initial guesses and adjusting optimization parameters could help.

Once these changes are made, the code should explore a better search space and find a lower C₅ value.

Another thing to consider is the correlation evaluation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which correctly computes the cross-correlation for all shifts. However, the integral over x is done by multiplying the result by dx. This is correct.

Now, the code structure:

The 'run' function starts with the initial_h_values. Then generates guesses. Then runs SLSQP and differential evolution steps.

The key is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization process.

Putting all this together, the modified code would include:

- More initial guesses (random, triangular, etc.)
- Adjusted parameters for differential evolution.
- More refinement steps.

Now, writing this in code.

But to keep the code concise and within the token limit, I need to be careful with the code structure.

Finally, after making these changes, the code should return a better C₅ value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_tri(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip((1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_random():
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        current = np.sum(h)
        scale = target_sum / current
        h = np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)
        return h
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_saw(freq, 0.5))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(freq, 0.5))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
        guesses.append(gen_tri(3, duty))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='COBYLA', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```