<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess and perturbing it. But maybe that's not the most effective approach. Let me think about alternative strategies.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we need to maximize this over k. Our goal is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses a local optimization with perturbations and SLSQP. But maybe a better approach is to use a more global optimization method or a different architecture for the function h. For example, maybe using a piecewise constant function with more segments, or leveraging symmetry or periodicity.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as 45 samples. Maybe starting from that isn't the best, but the previous code starts from there. Perhaps trying other starting points, like using a different initial construction, could help escape local minima.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the convolution of h and 1 - h. The max over k is similar to the maximum value of the cross-correlation. So maybe we can model this as a convolution problem. But how to optimize that?

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the convolution, perhaps we can use a greedy approach: iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. But how?

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the shift k can be in a range that wraps around. For a step function, the overlap might have peaks when the shifts align with the step changes. So maybe distributing the steps uniformly, or arranging them to avoid overlapping as much as possible.

But how to translate that into an algorithm. Maybe using a combination of heuristics and optimization.

Also, the previous code uses a limited number of iterations, with perturbations and optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different optimization methods could help. But with the time budget, it's constrained.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, where we evolve better h functions by combining and mutating existing ones. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be tricky, but perhaps manageable.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could explore the parameter space more effectively. But I'm not sure how to integrate that with the objective function here.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. Perhaps we can consider the different shifts k as separate constraints and use a method that handles multiple constraints. However, this might not be feasible directly.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So it might get stuck in a local minima. To avoid that, maybe trying multiple initial points and using a more global optimization strategy.

But the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, and I should use it directly. So starting from that may be the way to go. However, the previous code might not be sufficient.

Let me think about the objective function. The maximum of the cross-correlation. Maybe the current code isn't sufficient because it's focusing on a local minimum. What if we use a different optimizer, like a stochastic gradient method or a different local optimizer with better settings?

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a direct search method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. Or perhaps using a combination of methods.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based optimizer. Maybe adjusting the parameters of the optimizer could help, like increasing the tolerance or changing the method.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP with some options. Maybe trying a different method, such as COBYLA, which handles bounds more efficiently.

Another idea: the problem has a constraint that the integral of h is 1. So the sum of h values multiplied by dx is 1. But the objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlations. So, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem with many variables (the h values) and constraints.

But with 45 variables, perhaps a local optimizer can still work, but maybe with better hyperparameters.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, distributing the steps more evenly.

Another thought: the previous approach uses perturbations and then optimizing. Maybe that's not effective. What if we use a more systematic approach, like simulating annealing, where we start with a high temperature, allowing larger changes, and slowly cool down. However, implementing that within the time constraints might be difficult.

Alternatively, using a randomized search with more samples. But with the given time budget, that might not be feasible.

Another angle: the overlap integral depends on the positions of the steps. For a step function, the maximum overlap would occur when the shift k aligns with the transitions between 0 and 1 in the function. So, perhaps arranging the steps so that the transitions are spread out in such a way that overlapping is minimized.

For example, if the step function alternates between 0 and 1 in intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap. But since the function is on [0,2], the shifts can be up to 2 in the original problem.

But how to translate that into an algorithm.

Alternatively, using a Fourier analysis approach. Since the problem involves convolutions and overlaps, maybe using Fourier transforms to analyze the problem. However, this might be complex, especially in terms of optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can model this as a Chebyshev approximation problem, where we want the function to be as flat as possible over the different shifts. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum value is the worst-case shift, we can try to balance the overlaps for all shifts. However, since the number of shifts is infinite (if we consider all k), it's challenging.

But since the function is periodic or has some symmetry, perhaps we can find a way to sample the key shifts that are critical. For example, shifts that are multiples of the interval between the steps.

Alternatively, the problem can be approximated by considering only a discrete set of shifts, which are the ones that could lead to maximum overlaps. Then, the optimization can be done over these shifts.

But for code, this might not be straightforward.

Another thought: maybe the current code's approach of perturbing the initial guess and optimizing is not effective because the local optimizer is getting stuck. Perhaps using a different starting point could help. For example, creating a different initial h that's more optimal.

But how to generate a better initial guess without prior knowledge? Maybe using a greedy approach to distribute the steps to minimize overlaps.

For example, start with an empty h, and iteratively add steps at positions that minimize the current maximum overlap. But this is a greedy algorithm and may not be optimal.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, maybe use a more evenly spaced step function. For instance, divide [0,2] into n_points intervals and set h to 0 or 1 in a way that spreads the 1s as evenly as possible. This could help in reducing the overlaps.

But how to implement this. For example, if n_points is 45, then dividing into intervals, perhaps placing a step every certain number of points.

Wait, the initial_h_values are 45 samples. If we can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For example, using a more balanced distribution.

But the user says that when initial_h_values are available, use it directly. So I shouldn't reconstruct it.

So the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which may not be optimal.

Thus, perhaps the previous code's approach is to start from an initial guess and optimize, but the initial guess is not the best. However, the user says that initial_h_values are available, so we need to use that.

So maybe modifying the previous code to try different starting points. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a method like genetic algorithm could help find a better solution.

But implementing a genetic algorithm in Python with the given time constraints. Let's think.

For a genetic algorithm, each candidate solution is a list of h values. The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. We need to evolve the population by selecting the best solutions, applying crossover and mutation.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and the code needing to run efficiently, the genetic algorithm might be too slow for a large number of iterations.

Alternatively, maybe combining the previous approach with more optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations, using different perturbation scales, or using different optimization methods.

Another idea: maybe using a more efficient optimization method for each step. For instance, using a proximal gradient method or other techniques.

Alternatively, trying to find a way to lower the max overlap by splitting the function into segments that are designed to avoid overlapping. For example, using a two-level structure, where the function has high and low regions arranged in a way that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into code.

Another approach: the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying with a different number of points. For example, using more points (like 90) might allow for a more precise construction, but the user prefers smaller sequences. But the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps using 45 is better than more.

But the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values). So that's fixed.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the concept of "covering" intervals. Maybe structuring the h function to avoid overlaps in certain shifts. For example, ensuring that when you shift h by k, the (1 - h) part doesn't overlap much with the original h.

But again, how to implement this.

Alternatively, thinking in terms of the objective function. The max overlap is over all k. But in practice, the discrete k in the code are the shifts between the samples. So, for each possible k in the discrete shifts, we can evaluate the overlap. But in the code, the correlation is computed over the full mode, which gives the shifts for all k. However, since the function is on [0,2], the shifts that are most critical might be those that align with the transitions in h.

Perhaps, for the optimization, the maximum of the correlation is dominated by certain shifts. So, if we can focus the optimization on those shifts, we might get better results.

But how to determine which shifts are critical. For example, the shifts that are multiples of certain intervals.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For the code's current approach, the correlation is computed, and then the max is taken. But that can be time-consuming. However, given that the code is already doing this, perhaps that's unavoidable.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well. Or even the Nelder-Mead method, though it's not gradient-based.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses a scale of 0.1 and 0.05 for perturbation. Maybe adjusting the scale or the number of iterations could help.

Also, the previous code has two loops of optimization, each with 10 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the number of steps to explore more possibilities.

Another thought: using a different initial guess. For example, generating a different initial h from the initial_h_values by modifying it, such as distributing the steps more evenly. But how.

Alternatively, using a random perturbation to the initial guess and then optimizing. This could help in escaping local minima.

Alternatively, trying to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then using a more systematic approach to perturb and optimize.

But I'm not sure. Perhaps the previous code is already doing this.

Alternatively, maybe the problem requires a different approach than gradient-based optimization. For example, using a surrogate model or a different numerical optimization method.

But given the time constraints, it's challenging.

Another idea: instead of optimizing over all points, maybe using a simpler structure, like having h be a step function with a few intervals. For example, a binary function that alternates between 0 and 1 in certain intervals. This could be more efficient and easier to optimize.

But how to model that. For example, if the h function has a certain number of steps, then the problem becomes assigning which intervals are 0 and which are 1. This would be a combinatorial problem, but for a smaller number of steps, it could be feasible.

But for n_points = 45, having more than, say, 5 steps is too many to check all possibilities. So perhaps this approach isn't feasible.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess. For example, creating a function that has a certain pattern, like a sine wave or another periodic function, and then optimizing it. But the h function must be a step function, so perhaps not.

Wait, the function h is a step function, which means it's piecewise constant, but the issue is that the optimization is over the values at each sample point. So maybe a structured approach is possible.

But how.

Another angle: the previous code uses a lot of iterations, but with a fixed number. Maybe increasing the budget_s time allows more steps, but the user's budget is 100 seconds. The previous code stops early when time is up.

But the code is called with a budget_s of 100, and the user says that the code must return the best solution found before the time runs out.

So maybe adjusting the code to run more iterations if time allows.

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses two phases: first with larger perturbations, then smaller. Maybe adding more phases with different scales.

Alternatively, trying to use different optimization methods in different phases. For example, first a global search with COBYLA, then a local search with SLSQP.

But I'm not sure.

Another idea: in the previous code, after some iterations, the best h is kept and further perturbations are made. But perhaps the perturbations are too small, leading to suboptimal results. Maybe increasing the scale of the perturbations in later steps to explore more.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, generating a random h that satisfies the constraint, and then optimizing. But this could lead to worse results.

But the user says that the initial_h_values are available, so perhaps starting from that is better.

Another thought: the problem might require a different approach, like using a Lagrange multiplier method to find the optimal h. But solving the optimization problem analytically is difficult due to the maximum constraint.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlaps. This is a minimax problem. One possible approach is to use a dual optimization, but that might be complex.

Alternatively, the problem can be rephrased as finding h such that the maximum overlaps are less than some value C. Then, perform a binary search on C to find the minimal C. But since this is a non-convex problem, binary search may not be effective.

Alternatively, heuristically adjusting C and trying to find a feasible h for that C. However, this might not directly help in this case.

Another idea: the overlap integral for shift k can be written as ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For the function h(x) and shifts k, this integral depends on the overlap between h and (1 - h) shifted by k.

If we can ensure that for all k, the integral is below a certain value, then we can find a good h. But how to enforce this.

Alternatively, for a step function, we can analyze the overlaps by looking at the intervals where the function is 0 or 1. For example, if the function has a step at x, then for a shift k, the overlap could be computed based on the positions of these steps.

But this seems complicated, especially in code.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the previous approach can be improved by adjusting the optimization parameters, using different methods, and increasing the number of iterations.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, since it handles bounds well.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Use different perturbation scales.
- Use a different starting point.

Wait, but the previous code uses SLSQP. Let me think about the parameters. The current code has 10 iterations of perturbation with scale 0.1, then 10 iterations with scale 0.05. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or changing the scales.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like random walks or other methods.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the code to use COBYLA and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another possible optimization: precompute the correlation for different shifts and focus the optimization on the shifts that contribute the most to the maximum. But how to determine that without evaluating all shifts.

Alternatively, using a simpler approach for the initial guess, then optimizing.

But given that the user has provided an initial_h_values, which might be a decent starting point, perhaps the code needs to be improved by using a better optimization method and more iterations.

So, in code terms:

- Replace the SLSQP method with a better one, like COBYLA.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Use a larger number of perturbations.

But I need to implement this in Python.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (10 each), but maybe increasing this can help. However, with the time budget, more iterations might be expensive.

Alternatively, using a different method like BFGS, but that requires gradients.

Another idea: using a probabilistic method, like a random search where each candidate h is generated by randomly modifying the initial guess and then checking the objective. However, with the time constraints, this might not be efficient.

But given that the code needs to be efficient, perhaps the best approach is to use the existing code but make changes to the optimization method and parameters.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.
- Adjust the number of iterations.
- Use different perturbation scales.

Let me think about how to implement this.

But the code already uses SLSQP. To try COBYLA, the code would need to call the same minimize function with different method.

In scipy.optimize, the COBYLA method can be used for bound-constrained problems. It's a derivative-free method. So maybe using COBYLA would help avoid getting stuck in local minima.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA in the optimization steps.

Another possible change: in the previous code, the perturbation is done with a normal distribution. Maybe using a different perturbation method, like adding a uniform random change, or a different scale.

But the user's previous code already has perturbation steps.

So, adjusting the code to:

- Use COBYLA method in the minimize function.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Maybe use a different initial perturbation.

Now, let's outline the changes:

In the code, the optimize.minimize function calls use 'SLSQP' as the method. Changing that to 'COBYLA' might be better.

Another adjustment: perhaps using a more aggressive perturbation in the first phase and then smaller in later steps.

Also, the previous code uses a constraint_sum function. That is correct.

So, modifying the code to:

Use the COBYLA method in all minimization steps.

Let me draft the code.

But the code structure is similar to the previous one, but with method='COBYLA'.

Another possible change is to increase the maxiter parameter.

But need to test.

Also, the budget_s is 100 seconds. The previous code has two loops, each with 10 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or the steps.

But with the time budget, it's essential to not spend too much time in each iteration.

Another idea: using the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free and might explore the space better.

But again, need to test.

Alternatively, trying to combine different methods.

But given time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP and adjust other parameters.

So, the modified code would replace the method in the minimize calls.

Let me try to code that.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using more iterations would help, but with the time budget, it's important to balance.

Another possible improvement: use a different initial guess. For example, start with a random h that satisfies the sum constraint, and optimize from there. But since the initial_h_values are available, perhaps it's better to use that.

Alternatively, generating multiple initial guesses and selecting the best one. But with limited time, that might not be feasible.

In conclusion, modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method (like COBYLA) and adjusting the hyperparameters could lead to better results. So, here's the plan:

- Replace the SLSQP method with COBYLA.
- Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.
- Adjust the scale of the perturbations.
- Possibly use a different optimization strategy.

Now, I'll draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.05):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.03)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```