<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used a local search with SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe that's not the most effective way. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem requires finding a step function h over [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum of these over all k is C₅. Lower C₅ is better.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values and uses perturbations with SLSQP. But maybe this approach is getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps a better approach would involve different optimization techniques or different starting points.

I remember that for problems like this, especially those involving minimizing maxima, sometimes a grid search or more sophisticated optimization methods could help. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), we need an efficient method. Also, the user mentioned that smaller n_points are preferable. The previous code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values (which is 45). Maybe trying with a lower n_points could be faster and more effective.

Wait, but the initial_h_values might have a specific structure. Maybe I can start with a different initial guess. For example, perhaps a periodic function or a symmetric one. Or maybe using a more uniform distribution of the step function.

Another idea: the overlap integral is related to the convolution of h with 1 - h. So maybe there's a way to model this with Fourier analysis? However, implementing that might be complex, and given the time, perhaps it's better to stick with optimization methods.

Alternatively, since the previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, perhaps using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. But with the time budget, maybe a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could be feasible. But those might be slower. However, given that the problem has a relatively small dimension (n_points), maybe it's manageable.

Wait, but the user's code uses a starting point and perturbs it. Maybe instead of using perturbations, I can use a more systematic approach, like coordinate descent or a better initialization.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, it's a min-max problem. Maybe we can model it as a constrained optimization problem where we try to balance the integrals for different shifts.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum over k of the integrals is the value to minimize, we can try to make all integrals as small as possible. However, since the integrals for different shifts are interdependent, it's challenging.

Another approach could be to discretize the shifts. For example, instead of considering all possible k (which is continuous), we can sample a set of k values where the overlap integral might be maximized. For example, considering shifts that align with the step function's intervals. But how to determine which shifts are critical?

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is dependent on the shift, maybe we can model the worst-case k as being the ones that align the regions where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1, i.e., where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. But how to capture that?

Another idea: the initial guess might be a good starting point, but perhaps there are other structures. For example, arranging the steps in a way that the function h has points where it's high and low, spaced in a manner that minimizes overlapping. For example, a symmetric pattern with alternating high and low regions.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. Maybe I can generate a different initial guess based on a known optimal structure. For example, if the problem is similar to the classical Erdős problem, maybe a certain configuration is known to be optimal for lower C₅. However, without prior knowledge, perhaps I can try different initial guesses.

But given that the user's previous approach didn't achieve a significant improvement, perhaps trying a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters could help.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with multiple perturbations, but maybe the inner loop could be optimized. For example, using a more efficient optimization algorithm, or adjusting the perturbation strategy.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the current best solution, maybe generate multiple initial guesses and run optimization on them. However, with limited time, this could be computationally heavy.

Alternatively, consider using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might find better solutions in some cases. However, it's known to be slower than SLSQP.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of methods: first, a global search to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP. But again, time is a constraint.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code had a C₅ of 0.381142. The target is 0.380876, which is lower. To improve this, perhaps the key is to find a more optimal initial guess. Maybe the initial_h_values are not the best possible. So generating a different initial_h_values could help.

But how to generate a better initial guess? Maybe by creating a pattern that's symmetric or has certain properties that reduce the overlap.

For example, if the function h is symmetric, maybe that reduces the maximum overlap. Let me think: if h(x) is symmetric around 1, then shifting it by 1 would mean h(x) and 1 - h(x +1). If h is symmetric, then h(x +1) = 1 - h(x), which might make the overlap integral zero for certain shifts. But that may not apply here.

Alternatively, perhaps arranging the steps in a way that each interval where h is 1 is spaced to avoid overlapping with other intervals when shifted. For instance, if the function is made of intervals where h is 1, spaced apart by a certain distance, then shifting by that distance would cause the overlap to be minimal.

But how to translate that into a numerical function?

Alternatively, considering that the integral over the entire interval is 1, maybe the function has certain proportions. For example, if h(x) is 1 on intervals of total length 1, and 0 elsewhere. But the exact arrangement of these intervals is the key.

But the problem is that the overlap with shifts would depend on how these intervals are placed. For example, if the intervals are placed periodically, then shifts by the period would cause overlaps, but shifts by half the period might not.

But perhaps the optimal structure is to have the function h(x) as a union of intervals where it's 1, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the intervals are placed as regularly as possible.

But how to model that?

Alternatively, if I consider the problem similar to the classical Erdős problem, where the minimal maximum overlap is achieved by spacing the intervals optimally. However, without specific knowledge, it's hard to proceed.

So perhaps generating different initial guesses based on different patterns. For example, maybe a periodic pattern, or a staggered pattern.

But given that the initial_h_values is given, perhaps the best approach is to start from that, but improve upon it with a better optimization strategy.

Another thought: the previous code uses perturbations with a fixed scale. Maybe varying the perturbation scale during the optimization process could be better. For example, starting with larger perturbations to explore the space, then reducing them as the solution improves.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using the Sequential Quadratic Programming (SLSQP) method with different parameters, or using a different method like COBYLA, which can handle bounds more effectively.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or tightening the tolerances, could lead to better results.

Wait, the previous code runs two loops: first with larger perturbations and then smaller. Maybe combining both approaches with more iterations or different parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a random restart approach. But with limited time, maybe not.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are half the interval, or other fractions. So instead of computing all possible shifts, we could focus on those critical shifts. For instance, considering shifts that are multiples of the interval's length, or specific fractions.

But how to determine which shifts are the most critical? That's a bit of a problem, but maybe for a discretized version, we can precompute the shifts that are most likely to be the maximum.

Alternatively, for the purposes of the objective function, during the optimization process, we can compute the maximum over a subset of shifts, which could be faster and focus on the relevant ones. However, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the full convolution, which includes all shifts. But for the problem, perhaps only a subset of those shifts are relevant. However, the current code already uses that, so maybe that's not the issue.

Another approach: given that the initial guess might not be the best, could we generate a different initial guess? For example, using a random initialization, but that may not be efficient. However, if the user provides initial_h_values, perhaps using that as a starting point is better. But in case the parent construction isn't present, maybe generate a different starting point.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is provided, so we should use it. So the previous approach is using that.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values is not the optimal starting point. Perhaps a better initial guess could be generated. For example, constructing a function that has intervals of 1 and 0, spaced in a way that minimizes overlap. But how to do that algorithmically?

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach: creating a population of candidate functions, evaluating their C₅, and evolving them towards better solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the given time constraints could be challenging, but perhaps feasible for small n_points.

But with time being tight, maybe a better approach would be to use more efficient optimization, such as using the Nelder-Mead method with multiple restarts, or using different solvers.

Another idea: since the problem is a constrained optimization problem, maybe we can use a more powerful solver, such as IPOPT, which is designed for large-scale nonlinear optimization. However, the user's code uses scipy.optimize, which includes SLSQP, but perhaps using a different method.

Wait, the user mentioned using scipy, numpy, and others, and that the code can use other solvers like CVXOPT, GLOP, etc. But in the previous code, they used SLSQP. Maybe using another solver, like the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) with different parameters, or perhaps using the COBYLA method which doesn't require gradient information.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is convex or can be approximated in a way that allows for more efficient optimization. But given that the objective function is non-convex, this may not be the case.

Another angle: the discrete version of the problem. The number of points n_points affects the computation time. The current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. Maybe reducing n_points to a lower number (say, 30) could allow for more optimization steps within the time budget. However, the user's previous code may have a lower n_points? Or perhaps the initial_h_values has a certain n_points. But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so perhaps trying with fewer points could be better.

But the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, so we can't change that. So if the initial_h_values has 45 points, then we have to work with that.

Alternatively, perhaps combining different strategies: using a grid search over certain parameters, then applying local optimization. For example, varying the positions of the steps in the function h.

But again, without knowing the specifics of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

In summary, the previous approach uses SLSQP with perturbations. To improve it, perhaps:

1. Use different optimization methods (e.g., Nelder-Mead, COBYLA, or others).
2. Adjust the perturbation strategy, perhaps with varying scales or different randomness.
3. Use more efficient ways to evaluate the objective function.
4. Consider a different initial guess (but the user says to use the provided initial_h_values if available).
5. Try different numbers of optimization steps, adjusting parameters like maxiter, ftol, etc.
6. Use more aggressive optimization steps or tune the parameters for better convergence.
7. Try to model the problem in a way that reduces the number of evaluations, such as focusing on critical shifts.

So, let's think about modifying the previous code. For example, using the Nelder-Mead method, which is derivative-free and may find better solutions. Or using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds well.

Let me sketch a modified approach:

- Start from initial_h_values.
- Perform several rounds of optimization using different methods.
- Use a combination of global and local search strategies.
- Maybe use a more aggressive perturbation initially, then refine.
- Use different optimization parameters, like increasing the number of iterations or reducing the tolerance.

Alternatively, perhaps using the Randomized Restart approach, where multiple random initial points are tried, and the best is selected. But again, with time constraints, this might be difficult.

But given the time, maybe focusing on adjusting the optimization parameters and using a better initial guess could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a loop that runs 10 iterations with large perturbations and then 10 with small ones. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or varying the perturbation scale more dynamically.

Alternatively, using the same initial guess and performing more optimization steps, but with possibly tighter constraints.

Another idea: since the current code's best C₅ is around 0.381142, maybe the code can be modified to use a different objective function that penalizes higher overlaps more, but I'm not sure how to adjust that.

Alternatively, use a different metric for the objective. For example, instead of maximizing the overlap, could we model it as a minimax problem and use a different numerical method?

Hmm. Another possible optimization is to precompute the relevant shifts. For example, the maximum overlap might be achieved for shifts of 0, 0.5, 1, 1.5, etc. So if the code evaluates only a subset of shifts, perhaps the computation time can be reduced, allowing for more optimization steps. But the current code uses the full convolution, which includes all shifts. However, in practice, the maximum might be achieved for a small subset of shifts, so checking only those could be sufficient.

But how to determine which shifts to check? Maybe the shifts that correspond to the distance between the intervals of the step function. For example, if the step function has intervals spaced at a certain distance, then shifts by that distance might lead to overlaps. But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, compute only the overlaps for a few critical shifts, which could speed up the evaluation. For example, compute the overlap for k=0, 0.5, 1, 1.5, and other candidate shifts. However, the current code uses the full convolution, which is O(n^2) time, which might be slow for large n_points. But with n_points=45, it's manageable.

Wait, but for 45 points, the convolution would have 45 + 45 - 1 = 89 points. So evaluating the maximum over all those could be feasible.

So, perhaps modifying the objective function to only consider a subset of shifts could help. However, the current code's approach might be correct, and that's not the issue.

At this point, I think the best approach is to take the previous code and make some modifications to improve the optimization process. Let's consider changing the optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, use the COBYLA method, which can handle bounds and might find better solutions. Or use a different combination of methods.

Another idea is to use a more aggressive perturbation and more iterations. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

But let me think about what's needed. The code currently uses a for loop with 10 iterations of large perturbations and 10 of small ones. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting the scale of the perturbations.

Alternatively, instead of using random perturbations, generate perturbations in a more systematic way, such as varying some parameters of the initial guess.

But perhaps the best way is to adjust the code to use a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can sometimes find better minima.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method, maybe changing to a different method.

So, modify the code to use different optimization methods, perhaps with different parameters.

Let me try to outline the changes:

1. Replace the SLSQP method with a different one, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead.
2. Adjust the perturbation scale and number of iterations.
3. Maybe use more restarts with different initial points.

Another possible adjustment: in the previous code, the initial guess is used as the starting point. But if the initial_h_values is not optimal, generating a better initial guess might help. However, without knowing the structure, this is difficult.

Alternatively, since the user allows for different starting points, maybe generating a different initial guess. For example, a uniform distribution of steps. But with the given constraints, ensuring the integral is 1.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but if there's no parent construction, we need to create a different one. However, the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So in this case, we are to use the initial_h_values.

So, sticking with that, here's a plan:

- Use SLSQP with tighter tolerances and more iterations.
- Use larger perturbations for early stages and smaller ones later.
- Perform multiple rounds of optimization with different scales.
- Use a better objective function (though not sure if it's needed).

But perhaps the main issue is the optimization method. For example, using a different solver might give better results.

Alternatively, since SLSQP might not be finding the optimal solution due to local minima, trying a different solver like COBYLA could help.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. Let me check: COBYLA handles bounds and is derivative-free, which might be better for certain problems.

Another change: use a different objective function, such as the maximum overlap, but ensuring that the optimization is correctly set up.

Another idea: use the SLSQP method but increase the number of iterations and adjust the tolerance. For example, in the 'options' parameter, set 'maxiter' to a larger value, like 200, and 'ftol' to a smaller value.

But the previous code uses 'ftol'=1e-11 and 'eps'=1e-9. Maybe these values are too strict, leading to slow convergence. Adjusting them could allow faster convergence.

But I'm not sure. It's a trade-off between precision and speed.

Another possible adjustment: adjust the perturbation scale. In the first loop, the code uses a scale of 0.1, then 0.05. Maybe trying different scales or increasing the number of iterations.

Alternatively, in each iteration, generate more perturbations and select the best one.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective change is to use a different optimization method and adjust the parameters to allow for better convergence.

Let me try to outline a modified code:

Use the same structure as before, but switch the optimization method to COBYLA, or Nelder-Mead. For example:

In the code, replace 'method='SLSQP'' with 'method='COBYLA'' or another method.

However, COBYLA may not be as effective for problems with many variables and constraints. Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is also a gradient-based method that handles bounds.

But without knowing the exact landscape, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with more iterations and different parameters.

Another idea: in the initial code, the constraints are set as 'eq' for the sum of h_values. That's correctly implemented.

So, perhaps changing the code to use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

But the previous code already uses 'ftol'=1e-11, which is very tight. Maybe that's causing it to take too long. Perhaps reducing the 'ftol' could allow for faster convergence, but that might not lead to better results.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method with multiple restarts.

But in Python, scipy's optimize has various methods. Let me check which methods are available.

In scipy.optimize.minimize, the available methods include 'Nelder-Mead', 'Powell', 'CG', 'BFGS', 'L-BFGS-B', 'TNC', 'SLSQP', 'COBYLA', 'SANN', 'Cobyla'.

So, trying 'Nelder-Mead' may be an option.

Another point: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. This is a non-smooth function, which could make gradient-based methods like SLSQP less effective. However, the current code uses a numerical approximation of the gradient. Maybe using a method that doesn't rely on gradients could be better, like Nelder-Mead.

Thus, modifying the code to use Nelder-Mead, which is a derivative-free optimization method, might help in finding a better solution.

So, here's a plan for the modified code:

- Use Nelder-Mead as the optimization method.
- Perform multiple rounds of perturbation and optimization.
- Adjust the parameters for the optimization method to allow more iterations and better exploration.

But I need to think about how to implement this.

Alternatively, use a combination of methods: first, use a global search method like differential evolution, but given the time constraints, that might not be feasible.

But for the given time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps the best approach is to use a more efficient and robust optimization method.

Another idea: to use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations, but with a more efficient perturbation strategy. For example, in the initial code, after finding the best h so far, perturb it with a scale of 0.1, then optimize. But maybe using a more efficient way to generate perturbations, such as varying certain parameters.

Alternatively, use a random search approach, where multiple random points are tried, but this is less efficient.

In conclusion, modifying the code to use a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, while adjusting parameters to allow for better exploration could lead to improved results.

So, let's draft the code:

Use the same structure, but change the method to 'Nelder-Mead' and adjust the options. Also, adjust the perturbation scales.

However, the 'Nelder-Mead' method does not support bounds directly? Or does it? Wait, scipy's 'Nelder-Mead' method does not handle bounds, so if the variables are constrained between 0 and 1, we need to adjust the initial guess and the boundaries. Or, perhaps use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which does support bounds.

So, the previous code used SLSQP with bounds. The 'L-BFGS-B' method is another option.

But perhaps trying 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds could be more effective.

In that case, the code would use 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds as specified, and handle the constraints.

But the constraint is that the sum of h is fixed, which is an equality constraint. So the code would need to handle that with the constraints parameter.

So, in code:

Change the method to 'L-BFGS-B', and ensure that the constraints are properly set.

However, the initial code uses the SLSQP method, and the user's code may work better with that. But perhaps the 'L-BFGS-B' could lead to better results.

Another possibility is to use 'SLSQP' with a different set of parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations.

But given the time, perhaps the best change is to use 'Nelder-Mead' and see.

But the 'Nelder-Mead' requires that the bounds are handled in another way, perhaps by clamping the values during the iterations. However, the code already has a perturbation function that clips the values between 0 and 1.

Alternatively, modify the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds and constraints.

But the initial code uses 'SLSQP', which is suitable for equality constraints and bounds.

Another idea: the current objective function is the maximum of the correlation. Since this is a maximum, the objective is non-smooth, which can cause issues for certain optimization methods. Perhaps adding a surrogate function or smoothing it could help, but that's more complex.

Given all that, I think the best approach is to try using a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, and adjust the parameters to see if it leads to a better result.

In addition, perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

Let me think about implementing this in the code. Let's take the previous code and modify the optimization method.

Here's a possible modified code outline:

- Use 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds.
- Remove the constraints from the optimization and handle the sum constraint via a penalty function.
- Or, keep the equality constraint and use the method that supports it.

Wait, the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method and the equality constraint for the sum. So the method is appropriate.

But perhaps using 'L-BFGS-B' with the equality constraint may not be possible, since that method supports only inequality constraints. So, the equality constraint would need to be handled via a penalty function.

Hmm, this complicates things. So perhaps the previous code's use of SLSQP is better for handling both bounds and equality constraints.

Thus, back to the original idea of using SLSQP but with different parameters or methods.

In the previous code, the optimization runs with maxiter=100. Maybe increasing this to 200 could allow better convergence.

Also, the previous code performs two loops: first with larger perturbations, then smaller. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in each loop.

Another possible adjustment is to use a more aggressive initial perturbation and then refine.

Alternatively, using randomized perturbations with varying scales.

In summary, the main changes would be:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the optimization.
2. Adjust the tolerance parameters.
3. Use a different optimization method (like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead), but considering constraints.
4. Try different perturbation scales.

However, without testing, it's hard to know which changes would be most effective.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the maximum overlap is attained at specific k values. If we can identify those k values and focus the optimization on reducing them, it could lead to better results. For example, if we can precompute the critical shifts and only optimize for those.

But how to identify those shifts? It depends on the structure of h, which is being optimized. This is a chicken-and-egg problem.

Given all these considerations, the best path forward is to modify the previous code to use a more robust and potentially better optimization method, adjusting parameters to allow for better convergence.

So, modifying the code to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, and adjusting the number of iterations.

But since the 'L-BFGS-B' method does not handle equality constraints directly, perhaps we need to use a penalty function approach. However, that would require modifying the objective function to include a penalty for the constraint violation. But this could be complex.

Alternatively, stick with SLSQP and adjust the parameters.

In the previous code, the 'options' for SLSQP include 'maxiter'=100, 'ftol'=1e-11, 'eps'=1e-9. Perhaps reducing 'ftol' and 'eps' might allow for more precise optimization, but it could also slow things down.

Alternatively, increasing 'maxiter' to 200 and reducing 'ftol' to 1e-8.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the same structure as before, but increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use a different scale for perturbations, maybe starting with larger and then smaller.
- Use tighter tolerances for optimization.

The code would look something like this:

In the optimize.minimize call, set 'maxiter'=200 and adjust 'ftol' and 'eps'.

But to implement this, I'll need to modify the options passed to the optimize.minimize function.

Also, the previous code uses multiple iterations of perturbation and optimization. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations (e.g., 20 instead of 10) and adjusting scales.

Another adjustment: in the first loop, use a larger scale (e.g., 0.2) to explore more, then reduce to 0.1, then 0.05, etc.

But I need to write the code accordingly.

Finally, the code needs to return the best solution found within the time budget.

Putting it all together, the final code would involve modifying the optimization parameters and perhaps the method used, in hopes of finding a better C₅.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.05):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    for _ in range(10):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.05)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```