<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approach used a seed-based optimization with SLSQP, but maybe I can do better. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral when shifted by k. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to beat that. The user mentioned that using different starting points might help avoid local optima. The initial_h_values given are for n=45 samples.

The previous code used a perturbation approach with multiple iterations of SLSQP. But maybe that's too slow and not efficient enough. Let me consider alternative optimization techniques.

Another idea is to use a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, but since we have limited time (100 seconds), maybe it's not feasible. Alternatively, perhaps a more structured approach, like using Fourier analysis or symmetry arguments, could help construct a better function.

Wait, the Erdős problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap, which is similar to a covering problem. The optimal solution might have some symmetry. For example, pieces of the function could be arranged periodically or with certain intervals.

Another thought: since the integral over [0,2] of h(x) is 1, the function h(x) is a measure that covers 1 unit of area. The overlap when shifted by k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of this over all k.

Perhaps the optimal function has a periodic structure. For example, if the function h is made of multiple intervals where it is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, maybe dividing [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 1 for parts and 0 for others, arranged in a staggered manner.

But how to model this? Let me think about the initial values. The initial_h_values have n=45 points. Maybe I can adjust the positions of the intervals.

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, arranging the intervals such that the overlap with their shifted versions is as small as possible.

Another idea: use a convolution approach. The overlap integral can be thought of as a convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at different lags. So to minimize the maximum of this convolution over all lags. Maybe this is similar to designing a filter with minimal maximum sidelobe.

Wait, the convolution of h and 1 - h is the same as the cross-correlation. So the problem is to find a function h with area 1 that minimizes the maximum of this cross-correlation. This is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum correlation between h and its shifted versions.

In signal processing, designing such functions involves minimizing the maximum correlation, which can be approached with certain sequences, like those with minimal peak sidelobes. However, the exact method for constructing such sequences is non-trivial.

Alternatively, perhaps using a discrete approach. Since the problem is discrete (with n_points samples), maybe using dynamic programming or some greedy approach. But with the time constraints, it's challenging.

Another thought: the previous code used SLSQP which is a local optimizer. Maybe a better approach is to use a global optimization technique, but given the time limits, it's difficult. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or another constrained method.

Wait, the constraints are that sum(h) = n_points / 2, and h is between 0 and 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. So the problem is a constrained optimization problem where we have to minimize a non-smooth function (since the max is involved).

The previous method used multiple perturbations and SLSQP. But perhaps it's possible to use a different method, like simulated annealing, which can escape local minima. However, simulating annealing is computationally expensive, especially with a small budget.

Alternatively, maybe adjusting the initial guess. For example, generating different initial configurations and optimizing each.

But given the time, I need to find a way to improve upon the current best. Let me think about possible improvements.

The current best is 0.38085. The target is to get lower than that. Let's think about how the cross-correlation is computed. For the maximum of the cross-correlation of h and (1 - h), which is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx.

If h is a function that's 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, the cross-correlation would be the area where they overlap. To minimize this maximum, the intervals should be arranged so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

An optimal arrangement might be to have the intervals spread out in a way that their shifted versions overlap minimally. For example, if h is piecewise constant with values 1 for certain intervals, then shifting by certain amounts would reduce overlapping.

But how to model this? Maybe using a regular pattern. For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length L and 0 otherwise, placed periodically.

However, the total area is 1, so for a function on [0,2], the length of the intervals where h=1 would need to be such that their total length is 1. For example, if the length is L, then the number of intervals would be determined accordingly. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps using a non-uniform distribution. For example, placing the 1s in h(x) in a way that they are spaced apart. For instance, if h is 1 at certain points and 0 elsewhere, but spread out over [0,2].

Another idea is to use a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged such that their shifts do not overlap. But since the shifts can be any k, this is challenging.

Alternatively, think of the problem as scheduling or packing. The function h is like a schedule of "1" durations, and we want to schedule them such that when shifted, their overlaps are minimized.

But again, how to model this for the given problem.

Perhaps, given the initial guess, I can improve it by adjusting the positions of the intervals. For example, using a gradient-based approach but with a different objective.

Wait, in the previous code, the optimization uses a perturbation method. Maybe I can try a more systematic approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, but with a limited number of iterations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients, might help avoid getting stuck in local minima.

Let me think: the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. To avoid local minima, perhaps using a different approach. But with time constraints, perhaps it's better to adjust the initial guess and optimize more thoroughly.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are provided. Maybe the previous approach gets stuck in a local minimum. So trying different starting points could help.

But how to generate different starting points. For example, creating a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. But given the time, perhaps I can generate a few different starting points and optimize each.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different structure. For example, placing the 1s in the function h such that they are spread out as much as possible. For example, for n_points=45, which is 90 intervals (since 45 samples over 2 units, each interval is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444). Wait, the total area is 1, so the sum of h is n_points / 2 = 22.5. So for 45 points, the average value of h is 0.5. But the initial_h_values are a specific arrangement.

Another idea is to use a function that is 1 for a period of time and 0 otherwise. For example, a square wave. However, the square wave's shifts would introduce overlap, which might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex shape, like a triangular wave, but again, not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a random permutation of the initial values. For example, shuffling the initial h values to create a different configuration, and then optimizing.

But how to implement this within the code. The previous code used perturbations around the initial guess, but maybe trying different perturbations more effectively.

Wait, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, which can explore the search space more effectively than gradient-based methods.

But given the time constraints and the need to write code, perhaps it's better to stick with a modified version of the previous approach but with some changes.

Let me think about the previous code. It used SLSQP with multiple iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting parameters could help. Also, maybe using a different method like COBYLA, which handles bounds without requiring gradients.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values could be a starting point, but maybe another starting point could lead to a better solution.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values can be used directly. So if I can find a better starting point, perhaps by generating a different initial configuration, then optimize from there.

But how to generate a better starting point. For example, creating a function that is 1 in certain intervals. Let me think: for the given n_points=45, to have a total area of 1, the average is 0.5. So, if half of the samples are 1 and the other half are 0, but arranged in a way that their positions are spread out.

Alternatively, a function that is 1 for a certain number of samples, then 0 for some, then 1 again, etc. But how to arrange this.

Wait, for example, if I create a function that is 1 for the first 11 samples (since 11 * (2/45) ≈ 0.488... units), then 0 for the next 11, then 1 again, etc. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a pattern that's more complex. For example, placing the 1s in a way that they are spaced apart. For instance, using a regular spacing.

But maybe the optimal solution is a step function with a certain number of steps. For instance, maybe 3 or 4 steps arranged in a way that when shifted, overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, considering the problem for a smaller number of points. For example, trying with n_points = 40, 50, etc., but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

But the previous code used n_points=45. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points could be better. However, the initial_h_values may be for n=45. So I have to stick with that unless I can find another starting point.

Assuming that I can't change the n_points, perhaps I need to optimize the initial_h_values better.

Another idea: using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle constraints. Let me think: the SLSQP method might get stuck in local optima. Using a different method might help.

But how to implement this in code. The scipy.optimize has minimize with method='Nelder-Mead', which requires the bounds and constraints.

But the constraints are the sum of h must be target_sum. So, in the code, the constraints can be handled as an equality constraint.

Alternatively, the problem could be rephrased to use equality constraints, but the Nelder-Mead method can handle bounds and constraints.

Wait, the code in the previous approach uses the SLSQP method. Maybe switching to a different method could help.

Another thing to consider is the proximity of the initial solution. The previous code starts with initial_h_values and perturbs it. Maybe by increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation scale, the solution could improve.

Alternatively, using a combination of different perturbations. For example, first doing large perturbations to explore the space, then smaller ones to refine.

But how to implement this within the time budget.

Let me think about the code structure. The code currently does two loops: first with scale=0.1, then scale=0.05, each with 10 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the scale.

Alternatively, maybe using a more aggressive initial perturbation and then refining. For example, trying random perturbations with higher variance initially.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. Since the user says that when initial_h_values is available, it's used directly. So maybe the initial_h_values is a starting point, and the code could modify it. But how to find a better starting point.

Another thought: the current approach uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each. For example, creating multiple different starting points and selecting the best among them. However, with the time constraint, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess construction. For example, generating a function where the 1s are spaced as evenly as possible. This can be done by dividing the interval [0, 2] into segments where h(x) is 1 for certain lengths and 0 for others.

For example, if there are m 1s in the function, each of length length_i, such that sum(length_i) = 1. However, since the function is discretized into n_points samples, this requires careful planning.

But for the given n_points of 45, the average value is 0.5. So if the function is 1 for half of the samples, and 0 for the others, that would fulfill the sum requirement. However, the arrangement of these 1s and 0s could affect the overlap.

If the 1s are arranged in a way that they are spread out, like in a regular pattern, that might minimize the overlap. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced evenly.

For example, if there are m 1s, then the positions could be spaced at intervals of 2/m. But since m is not known, perhaps choosing m such that the sum is 1.

But this is getting into a more detailed design. Maybe for the code, I can generate a different initial guess by placing the 1s in a regular pattern. For example, creating a function that is 1 for certain intervals.

But how to translate this into code. For example, if the initial_h_values is a random permutation of 0.5s, but that might not be helpful.

Alternatively, think of the function as having regions where it is 1. For instance, if the function is 1 for some intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically.

But without knowing the optimal parameters, this is challenging.

Another idea: the problem resembles the "minimum overlap" problem, which is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence". In such problems, sequences are designed to have minimal autocorrelation. The cross-correlation here is similar, so perhaps techniques from that field could be applied.

For example, the optimal sequence might be a Barker code, but these are limited in length and may not apply directly. Alternatively, using a Golay sequence, but again, need to check.

But given that the problem has a fixed interval [0,2], and a fixed area constraint, it's not clear how to apply these concepts directly.

Perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code. Let's think about the previous code's limitations. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations, but maybe by increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the optimization parameters, we can find a better solution.

Also, the current code seems to use a fixed number of iterations (two loops with 10 iterations each). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation scales.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For instance, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients. Let's see what that would look like.

In the code, initializing with the initial guess, then using COBYLA with more iterations. However, COBYLA may take longer to converge.

Alternatively, combining different methods. For example, first using COBYLA with a larger step size to explore the space, then switching to SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time constraints, it's important to find a way to make the code run faster and find better solutions.

Another thought: the cross-correlation function's maximum is the value we want to minimize. The current code computes it via np.correlate, which might be a bit slow. Maybe precomputing the cross-correlation values and using a more efficient method.

But with the given time, perhaps that's not the main issue.

Another idea: the function h is a step function, so its values are piecewise constant. This suggests that the optimal solution might have a certain number of steps, and optimizing the positions and widths of these steps could be the way to go. However, for n_points=45, it's quite a lot.

But with the given time, perhaps focusing on perturbations around the initial guess is the way to go. Let me think about modifying the previous code to find better perturbations.

For example, instead of using random perturbations, using a more systematic approach. Like, considering that the optimal function has certain symmetry properties. For instance, the function could be symmetric around x=1, or have some other symmetry.

If the function is symmetric, then the cross-correlation would be symmetric as well, which could help in optimizing.

Alternatively, the function could have certain repeating patterns that minimize overlap when shifted.

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to code this in.

Perhaps the previous approach can be improved by increasing the number of iterations. For example, instead of 10 iterations in each loop, using more. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values may not be the best. If I can generate a better initial guess, the code can optimize from there.

But how to generate a better initial guess. For example, think of the function as having certain regular intervals where it is 1 and 0. Let me try to create a function that is 1 for certain intervals arranged with spacing.

Suppose the function has a pattern of 1, 0, 1, 0, etc. But since the sum is 1, this would mean that half of the samples are 1. For n_points=45, this would give an average of 0.5, which is correct. However, the overlap when shifted by 1 would be significant.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like multiple intervals of 1s arranged with spacing. For example, placing the 1s at intervals that are spaced such that when shifted by a certain amount, they don't overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code this.

Another approach: since the current best is around 0.38085, perhaps the code can be modified to try different ways of perturbing the initial guess, such as using a different random seed for the perturbation each time. However, this may not be feasible in the given time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Powell method, which is a derivative-free optimization method. Let me think about how to implement this in the code.

In the previous code, the optimize.minimize function uses SLSQP. Changing the method to 'Powell' or 'Nelder-Mead' could potentially explore the search space more thoroughly.

Testing this would require modifying the code's optimization method. For example:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed,
    method='Nelder-Mead',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

However, the Nelder-Mead method doesn't handle bounds well, but in the code, the bounds are already set. Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with different parameters.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables.

But this is getting into the realm of trying different optimization methods to see which one gives better results.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed scale for perturbations, but maybe varying the scale during optimization could help. For example, large perturbations first to explore, then smaller ones to refine.

This is what the code already does, but the scales are fixed at 0.1 and 0.05. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the scales.

In the previous code, the first loop has scale=0.1, second 0.05. Maybe trying larger scales initially. For example, starting with scale=0.2, then reducing to 0.1, then 0.05.

Alternatively, using adaptive scales based on the progress observed.

But again, with limited time, it's difficult to implement.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. This is a non-differentiable function, which can be challenging for gradient-based optimizers. Perhaps using a different approach, like using a surrogate model or Gaussian process regression, but this is complex and time-consuming.

In summary, the previous code uses a local optimization method (SLSQP) with perturbations. To improve upon it, I need to find a better way to explore the search space and avoid local minima.

Perhaps the key is to use a different initial guess. If I can generate a better initial guess that is closer to the global optimum, then the SLSQP optimization can find a better solution.

Alternatively, trying to design the initial guess more effectively. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, generating a function with a regular pattern.

Let me think about how to generate such a function. For n_points=45, which is 90 intervals of length 2/45. To have a total area of 1, the sum of the values of h should be 22.5. So the average value is 0.5.

If I create a function that is 1 for 11 intervals and 0 for the other 11, but arranged in a way that they are spaced. Wait, no, the total number of intervals is 45. So to have a total value of 1, the average is 0.5. So a simple approach could be setting half of the values to 1 and the other half to 0, but arranged in a regular pattern.

For example, for even n_points, alternating between 1 and 0. But 45 is odd, so it's impossible to have equal 1s and 0s. So for 45 points, 22 or 23 ones would be needed. But the total area would be 22.5, so exactly 22.5 units. So the sum of the h's should be 22.5. But since the h's are sampled at points, this can be achieved by having some values between 0 and 1.

But this is not useful for now. Alternatively, using a function that has a certain regular pattern.

But without knowing the optimal pattern, it's hard to generate.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values may already be a good starting point, and the current code's approach is just not sufficient. So perhaps the issue is in the optimization parameters.

Looking at the previous code, the optimization uses 'SLSQP' with maxiter=100, which may not be enough. Maybe increasing the maxiter could help. However, this would take more time.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use a different optimization strategy. For instance, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) with convergence control.

But implementing PSO would take more code and time, which might not be feasible within the budget.

Another idea: since the function is piecewise constant, maybe using a faster, direct method to optimize the positions of the intervals. For example, treating each interval's start and end as variables, but this is too complex for the current code.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code, improving the optimization process by using a different method, increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting the parameters.

Let me think about modifying the code to use a different optimization method, like COBYLA. COBYLA handles bounds and constraints and is derivative-free. This might help avoid getting stuck in local minima.

So, replacing the optimization method with 'COBYLA' and see if that improves the results.

But how to do that. Let me try to adjust the code. In the previous code, the optimize.minimize function uses SLSQP. Changing the method to 'COBYLA'. Also, increasing the number of iterations.

Another thing to consider is that the 'constraint_sum' is an equality constraint, which the COBYLA method should handle.

In addition, perhaps adjusting the perturbation scales to be smaller for COBYLA.

Alternatively, for COBYLA, the 'maxiter' parameter could be increased.

But given the time, perhaps trying this modification in the code.

So, in the code, in the first loop, instead of using SLSQP, use COBYLA. Let me try writing that.

Another consideration is the initial guess. If the initial guess is good, the optimization from there could be better.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, using it as the initial guess seem right.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of doing multiple loops with scaling, using a single loop with varied perturbations.

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods and parameters in sequence.

In conclusion, the plan is:

1. Use the provided initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Apply a series of optimization steps using different methods and parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
3. Use multiple iterations with perturbations and refine the solution.
4. Track the best solution found within the time budget.

To implement this, the code can be modified to use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, and increase the number of iterations. Also, adjust the perturbation scales and scales more aggressively.

Another thing is to check for the time budget. The code needs to run within 100 seconds. So, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Now, putting this into code.

The main changes would be to use a different optimization method, possibly COBYLA, and to adjust the parameters.

Let me start writing the code.

First, import necessary libraries. The code already imports numpy and scipy.optimize.

Then, the run function takes seed, budget_s, and other parameters.

Inside the run function, the initial_guess is the initial_h_values.

Then, the objective function is defined as before.

The constraint is the sum of h_values equals target_sum.

The code currently uses SLSQP with multiple iterations. Let me try using COBYLA instead.

Modify the optimization steps to use COBYLA. Also, perhaps using a higher number of iterations.

But COBYLA may take longer. So, need to adjust.

Another consideration: the COBYLA method may require more function evaluations, but with the time budget, it's possible that it can find a better solution.

So, in the code:

In the first loop, use method='COBYLA'.

But the code currently has two loops: first with scale=0.1, then 0.05. Let's modify the code to try different methods and scales.

Alternatively, for simplicity, let's change the optimization method to COBYLA and see.

But let me also increase the number of iterations. For example, increase the maxiter to 200.

In the code:

In the optimize.minimize function, change the method to 'COBYLA', and set options like maxiter=200, ftol=1e-11, etc.

This could potentially explore the search space better.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all iterations, but with perturbations. Using COBYLA might not require perturbations, but perhaps combining with perturbations can help.

Alternatively, in the code, after generating perturbations, use COBYLA for optimization.

But time is limited, so I'll proceed to code this idea.

Another thing to consider: the current code may have the initial guess as initial_h_values, but maybe the optimal solution is not far from it. So perturbations around it could help.

Alternatively, if the initial guess is not optimal, generating a different initial guess could help.

But with the given time, it's better to try modifying the optimization method.

So, the modified code would look like this:

Inside the run function:

for _ in range(10):
    if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
        break
    perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=perturbed,
        method='COBYLA',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x

Similarly for the second loop with scale=0.05.

This would change the optimization method to COBYLA, which is derivative-free and may explore the space better.

Another idea is to also try different methods, like 'L-BFGS-B' for bounded optimization.

But for now, focusing on COBYLA.

Additionally, in the previous code, the perturbations are random. Perhaps using a different perturbation strategy could help, like gradient-based perturbations if possible, but without gradients, this is not straightforward.

Overall, changing the optimization method to COBYLA, increasing the maxiter, and adjusting the perturbation scales could lead to better results.

Another thing: the previous code tracks the best solution found. It might be that with more iterations, the code would find a better solution.

Putting all together, the code would be modified to use COBYLA and possibly other parameters.

But for the code to be concise, I'll need to write it in a way that fits the required constraints.

Now, writing the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.05):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.05)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```