<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using a random perturbation approach with COBYLA and SLSQP optimizers. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the convolution of h and (1-h). The current record is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that.

The previous code used an initial guess and then perturbed it with random noise and optimized. But maybe that's not the most effective. Perhaps a different optimization strategy could help. Let's consider alternative methods.

One idea is to use a gradient-based optimization method. But with constraints, maybe Sequential Quadratic Programming (SLSQP) is a good choice. However, the initial approach might be stuck in local minima. So maybe starting with different initial points could help.

Another approach is to model the problem as a continuous optimization problem and use more sophisticated optimization techniques. However, given the problem's constraints (integral of h is 1, h in [0,1]), we need to handle those properly.

Wait, the current code uses COBYLA and SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe we can try a different initial construction. The initial_h_values are provided, but maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results.

What if we try to create a more structured initial guess? For example, using a piecewise constant function with more balanced intervals. Maybe splitting the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps.

Alternatively, considering the problem structure, maybe we can use a periodic or symmetric pattern. For instance, arranging the h function in a way that it alternates between high and low values, which might spread out the overlaps.

Another thought is to use a genetic algorithm approach, but that might be computationally intensive and not fit within the time budget. So maybe better to stick with gradient-based methods but with better initializations.

Wait, the previous code had a problem where it might not escape local minima. Maybe instead of starting from the initial H-values, we can start from multiple different initial points. For example, generating several different initial guesses and then optimizing each one.

But how to generate different initial guesses quickly? Maybe using different random seeds or different patterns. However, with the time budget, trying multiple starting points might not be feasible.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. To minimize the maximum, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem, which is challenging. So we need to find a function h that balances the overlaps for all k.

Alternatively, maybe the function h should have regions where it's 1 and 0, but arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it by k would create overlaps only when the shifted interval overlaps with the original.

But since the integral must be 1, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So perhaps arranging these intervals optimally.

Wait, the function h is a step function, so maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where h is 1. The problem then becomes selecting intervals with total length 1 that minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. 

But this seems like a combinatorial problem. However, with discretization, we can model it as an optimization problem where h is a vector of values (0s and 1s?), but allowing for more flexibility.

But the previous code uses a continuous approach, allowing h to take any value between 0 and 1. Maybe a better approach is to use a more structured initial guess. For example, using a repeating pattern that's optimal in some way.

Wait, the previous code used an initial guess from initial_h_values. If that's a good starting point, maybe we can make more perturbations or use a different optimizer.

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. But the problem is that with the constraints, Nelder-Mead might be less effective. Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in finding the minimum. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in this context might be complex.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach with a population of candidate solutions, evaluating their fitness (C5 value) and evolving them over generations. However, with a time budget of 100 seconds, this might not be feasible unless the population size is very small.

Hmm. Let's get back to the previous approach. The code uses a combination of COBYLA and SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe there's a way to improve that.

Let me think: the current code starts from initial_h_values and then does a few perturbations. Maybe using a more sophisticated perturbation method. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe perform a more targeted search around the current best solution.

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods. For example, instead of COBYLA, use SLSQP with different settings, or use a derivative-free method like the Nelder-Mead simplex.

Wait, but the problem has constraints. The sum of h must be equal to n_points / 2. So the constraints are handled by adding an equality constraint. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the convolution, which is non-smooth. So gradient-based methods might have trouble here.

Another idea: since the objective is the maximum of several terms (the convolution values for different k), perhaps we can model this as a problem where we minimize the maximum of these terms. This is a convex problem if the maximum is replaced by a supremum, but since the convolution is involved, it's not straightforward.

Alternatively, we can approximate the maximum by using a penalty method. However, that might not be helpful here.

Wait, perhaps the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum convolution with a certain kernel. This is related to filter design or signal processing. Maybe using techniques from that field.

Another approach is to use symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around x=1, then the convolution would be symmetric as well, which could help in reducing the maximum overlap.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe adding a constraint that h is symmetric. However, that might not be necessary, and adding more constraints could complicate things.

Alternatively, generate a symmetric initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values are symmetric, then perhaps that's a good starting point.

But how to create such a symmetric initial guess? If the initial_h_values are not symmetric, we can mirror them.

But perhaps the initial_h_values provided are already structured, so maybe that's not necessary.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is over the interval [0,2], maybe splitting it into 4 equal parts, and setting h to 1 in some of them. For example, if the total integral is 1, then the total length of intervals where h is 1 is 1. So, for example, placing one interval of length 1, or multiple intervals spaced out.

But this is a simplistic approach and may not be optimal.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, the function h is like a probability density. The overlap integral is the expected value of (1 - h(x + k)) when x is in the support of h. To minimize the maximum k, perhaps h should be as "spread out" as possible.

But how to model that? Maybe using a uniform distribution, but with steps. However, the step function must have a total integral of 1.

Wait, perhaps the optimal h is a uniform distribution over a set of points. For example, if h(x) is 1 in a set of points with total length 1, but spread out. But how to choose those points to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this is again a combinatorial problem.

Alternatively, using a dual approach: the problem can be viewed as trying to minimize the maximum value of the overlap, so we can think in terms of duality. For instance, for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we can find h such that for all k, this overlap is small.

But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Back to the optimization approach. The previous code uses perturbations and different optimizers. Maybe we can improve the code by:

1. Starting with multiple initial guesses instead of just the initial_h_values.
2. Using a more efficient optimizer.
3. Adjusting the hyperparameters (like the perturbation scale, number of iterations).
4. Using a better initial guess.

But how to generate different initial guesses? For example, we can generate a few different patterns. For example, using a random initial guess, or patterns based on dividing the interval into equal parts.

Alternatively, generate a more structured initial guess. For example, for n_points = 45, split the interval into 45 samples. Let's say we divide [0,2] into n_points intervals. The total length is 2, but the integral of h is 1. So the sum of h values multiplied by dx is 1. So, the sum of h values is n_points / 2.

So, for example, if we create a function h that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, with the total length of 1.

Let me think: for example, suppose we divide the interval into 4 equal parts. Then we can have h being 1 in one of them, but that would have length 0.5. To make the integral 1, maybe two intervals of length 0.5 each. But this is simplistic.

Alternatively, using more sophisticated patterns. For example, overlapping intervals arranged to minimize the overlap when shifted. But this is too vague.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values provided might already be a good starting point. Let's assume that the initial guess is good. So, perhaps the code should try to refine it further.

But the previous code's result was C5 = 0.381142, but the target is 0.380876. So we need to improve that.

Another idea: instead of using a perturbation method, use a more systematic approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions, evaluating their C5 values, and evolving them. However, implementing this within the time constraints might be challenging.

But given the time budget, maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. Let's think about the previous code. It uses COBYLA and SLSQP with random perturbations. Maybe we can try using a different optimizer, such as the Powell method, which is a derivative-free optimization algorithm and might handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with more aggressive settings. For example, increasing the maxiter and adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea is to use a warm start with multiple initial guesses. For example, generate several different initial guesses by varying the starting points and then optimize each one, keeping the best result.

So, to implement this, the code could generate a few different initial h_values (maybe by adding random noise) and then optimize each with SLSQP, and select the best result.

But how to generate those initial guesses? For example, for the initial_h_values, generate a few perturbations. Or perhaps use a different pattern, like spreading the 1s more evenly.

Alternatively, generate several random initial guesses, each with sum equal to n_points / 2, and then optimize each with different methods.

But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible unless the number of initial guesses is small.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). But when the h is a step function, the convolution is calculated over all possible shifts. The maximum of these convolutions is the C5 value.

But evaluating this for each candidate h could be time-consuming. However, with the given time budget, it's manageable.

So, to improve the previous code, maybe:

- Try different optimization methods and settings.
- Use more systematic perturbations, such as varying the positions of the steps in h.
- Use a better initial guess, perhaps by combining the initial_h_values with other patterns.

Alternatively, consider using a more advanced optimization library. For example, using Pyomo or another framework for constrained optimization. But with the given tools (using scipy.optimize), maybe not.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the convolution, perhaps we can formulate it as a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of the convolutions is not convex in general. But if we can find a way to approximate it, maybe we can use convex optimization.

Alternatively, for each possible k, we can consider the integral and try to ensure they are all below a certain threshold. Let's denote that threshold as C. Then, the problem becomes finding h such that for all k, the integral is ≤ C, and the integral of h is 1. However, since we are trying to find the minimal C, this is a bi-level optimization problem.

But this seems more complex and might not be tractable directly.

Another approach is to use a combination of different optimization steps. For example, first optimize with a certain method to get a good initial guess, then apply a different method for further refinement.

In the previous code, after COBYLA, it uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe trying to apply SLSQP with more iterations or a different tolerance could help.

Additionally, adjusting the perturbation scale. For example, starting with a larger perturbation and then decreasing it as the optimization progresses.

Another thing to note is the boundary constraints. The function h must be between 0 and 1. The previous code uses bounds for each h[i]. That's correct.

Now, let's think about implementing these ideas. For the code, perhaps:

- Use a different initial guess. For example, generate a uniform distribution where h is set to 1 in randomly selected positions, ensuring the sum is correct. Or use a more structured approach.

But how to create a better initial guess? Maybe by spreading the 1s more evenly. For example, if the initial_h_values are clustered, perhaps a uniform distribution would be better.

Wait, maybe the initial_h_values are already a good starting point. So the previous code's approach of perturbing it and optimizing is the way to go. But perhaps the code can be improved by:

- Trying more optimization steps with different methods.
- Using a more efficient objective function evaluation.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the optimization. For example, instead of using random perturbations, using a more directed search.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps we can model this as minimizing the maximum of the convolution values. So, for each candidate h, we compute all the convolution values and take the maximum. Then, the optimization is to minimize this maximum.

This is a non-smooth optimization problem. So, maybe using a derivative-free method like the Nelder-Mead simplex could be effective, but with the constraints.

But how to handle the constraints in such methods? The simplex method can handle bounds, but the equality constraint (sum of h is fixed) needs to be incorporated.

Alternatively, use a penalty method where the objective function includes the constraint violation as a penalty. For example, the objective could be the maximum of the convolution values plus a large penalty if the sum of h is not equal to the target.

But then, the optimization algorithm would try to minimize the maximum convolution while satisfying the constraint.

This could be done with methods that handle constraints. For example, using the SLSQP method with a penalty.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and equality constraints. The previous code already uses COBYLA and SLSQP. Maybe changing the optimizer parameters could help.

Another thought: maybe the problem can be approximated by using a smooth function and then discretizing it. However, this is not straightforward.

Another approach is to consider that the optimal h should balance the overlaps for different shifts. So, if we can find a function that is balanced for several shifts, that might reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem. It's not clear.

So, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code. Let's think about the code structure.

The current code starts with the initial guess, then uses COBYLA and then SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe we can try more iterations, use a different optimizer, and adjust the parameters.

For example, using the SLSQP method with a higher maxiter, or using a different method like L-BFGS-B, which is a bounded optimization method.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods, like first using a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refining it with a local method.

But without access to a global optimizer, maybe we can try other steps.

Another idea: in the code, the perturbation is done with a Gaussian noise. Maybe using a different perturbation, such as a small random change to a subset of the elements, ensuring that the sum remains approximately correct. But this might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more systematic perturbation, like adjusting the positions of the steps in h.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, instead of using initial_h_values, generate a new initial guess by evenly distributing the 1s. For example, if the total length is 1, then for n_points samples, set h[i] = 1 for certain positions. For example, if n_points is 45, then set 22 or 23 of the samples to 1, such that the sum is around 22.5. But this would be a step function with 1s and 0s. However, this may not be optimal, but could serve as a new initial guess.

But how to create that? For example:

n_points = 45
target_sum = 45 / 2 = 22.5
So, the number of 1s should be approximately 22.5. So, 22* dx would be 22 * (2/45) = 0.977, which is less than 1. So maybe setting 23 samples to 1 and the rest to 0 would give a sum of 23 * (2/45) ≈ 1.022, which is close to the required 1. But this is just an idea.

But how to create this in code. For example:

import numpy as np
n_points = len(initial_h_values)
h_initial = np.zeros(n_points)
h_initial[:int(n_points / 2)] = 1  # or some other distribution

But this would be a simple step function. However, this might not be as good as the initial_h_values. So, maybe trying this as an alternative initial guess.

But the current code uses initial_h_values, which may be a better starting point. So, the previous approach of using the initial guess and perturbing it is good. However, the code could try different initial points.

Another Idea: since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe we can try to refine it by trying to apply a different optimization method, like using the SLSQP method with more iterations and better settings.

In the previous code, the COBYLA is run with maxiter=200, and then SLSQP is run three times with perturbations. Maybe increasing the maxiter for SLSQP or using a different optimizer could help.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method without perturbations, but starting from the initial guess, and running for more iterations.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The code uses np.correlate, which is correct. But for large n_points, this could be time-consuming. However, for n_points up to 1000, it's manageable.

Now, to modify the code. Let me think about the steps:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.

2. Perform a global optimization step to find a better starting point.

3. Then refine using a local optimization method.

But how to perform a global optimization step without using a global optimizer. Maybe using multiple random perturbations and optimizing each as a local step.

In the previous code, after COBYLA, it does a few perturbations and runs SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations and using more iterations would help.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed perturbation scale, decrease it over time. For example, first perturb with larger changes, then gradually smaller ones as the optimization proceeds.

Moreover, in the current code, the initial guess is only the initial_h_values. Maybe trying a different initial guess, such as a random one with the correct sum, might lead to better results.

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- generate a few different initial guesses (e.g., the initial_h_values, a random one, a structured one like evenly spaced 1s, etc.)

- for each initial guess, perform a few optimization steps (like COBYLA and SLSQP)

- keep track of the best result.

This way, there's a better chance of escaping local optima.

But with the time budget, this may be computationally expensive. However, since the code is allowed to run up to 100 seconds, it's worth trying.

So, the code would start with the initial_h_values, and also generate a few other initial guesses, then optimize each.

But how to generate those other guesses quickly?

For example:

- A random initial guess: set h[i] = 1 with probability p, ensuring the sum is correct. But this might be tricky to ensure the sum is exact. Instead, we can generate a random guess and then adjust the last few values to meet the sum constraint.

Alternatively, generate a random initial guess with sum roughly correct, then apply a small adjustment to meet the exact sum.

This can be done with:

def generate_random_initial(n_points, target_sum):
    h = np.random.rand(n_points)
    # 0 <= h <= 1, but need to adjust the sum to target_sum
    # but this is not straightforward
    # Alternatively, set h to certain values and adjust
    # For simplicity, let's use a uniform distribution and scale it
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / np.sum(h)
    h *= scaling_factor
    return h

But this might not work well, because sum(h) could be very high or low. Alternatively, use a method where the sum is exactly target_sum.

But this requires more careful handling. For example:

def generate_random_initial(n_points, target_sum):
    # Create a random vector with sum approximately target_sum
    h = np.random.rand(n_points)
    h = h / np.sum(h) * target_sum
    return h

This ensures that the sum is exactly target_sum. However, the values could be outside of [0, 1]. Wait, no: because the initial h is between 0 and 1, and then scaled. So for example, if the sum of h is s, then after scaling by target_sum/s, the new h has sum target_sum. However, the individual values could exceed 1 if the random vector has values higher than target_sum/s.

Wait, no. For example, if the random vector has some elements larger than 1, but scaling would make them even larger. So, this method might create h values outside of [0,1]. So that's not acceptable.

Therefore, a better approach is needed. For example, using a uniform distribution for the h values and then adjustment to meet the sum constraint and stay within bounds.

But this is complex. Perhaps for the purposes of generating a random initial guess, we can use a method that first selects a certain number of 1s and 0s, then adjusts some values.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the first guess, generate a few other random guesses by varying the positions of the h values.

But this is getting complicated. For the sake of time, perhaps the initial approach of using the initial_h_values and perturbations is better.

Given the previous code's result, maybe we can try optimizing with the SLSQP method with more iterations and a better initial guess.

So, in the new code, perhaps replace the initial guess with a better one. For example, generate a few different initial guesses and optimize them.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to try the following:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Run the SLSQP method with a higher maxiter, and better settings (like a lower tolerance).

- Also, try a few different perturbations and run the SLSQP method on each of them.

In the previous code, after COBYLA, it runs SLSQP with 3 perturbations. Perhaps increasing the number to, say, 5, and lowering the perturbation scale.

Additionally, using a different optimizer, like Nelder-Mead, which is derivative-free and may find better solutions.

But the SLSQP method is likely more effective here.

Another idea: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the convolution. This is a non-smooth objective. So, when using gradient-based methods, it's possible that the method gets stuck in local optima. To address this, maybe using a trust-region method or a more robust optimization algorithm.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model that approximates the objective function. But this is complex.

In conclusion, the new code could:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Apply more iterations of SLSQP with perturbations.

- Tune the parameters of the optimization, like the tolerance, maximum iterations, etc.

- Try different perturbations, such as smaller or larger noise.

- Use a different optimizer for the initial steps.

So, here's how I can modify the code:

Adjust the perturbation scale, try more iterations, and perhaps use different optimization methods.

Let me outline the code changes:

- In the generate_perturbation function, use a smaller scale to avoid too much deviation.

- Increase the number of perturbations and iterations.

- Try different optimization methods (like SLSQP with more iterations).

- Use a simpler objective function by precomputing the convolution for a given h.

But I need to implement this within the time constraints.

So, the final code would likely be a modified version of the previous code, with better optimization settings, more perturbations, and possibly different initial guesses.

After considering all these points, I think the key is to use multiple perturbations and run the SLSQP optimization with more iterations, and possibly use different methods. Additionally, ensuring that the code doesn't get stuck in local optima by trying various starting points.

Therefore, the final code would adjust these parameters and perhaps try a few different initial guesses.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.015):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500, ftol=1e-10):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': ftol, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', initial_guess.copy(), maxiter=300, ftol=1e-10)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 15:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.01)
        result = optimize_with_method('L-BFGS-B', perturbed, maxiter=200, ftol=1e-10)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```