<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous approach used a COBYLA and SLSQP optimization with perturbations, but we need to find a better way.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h(x) is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Lower C₅ values are better, so we want to minimize this maximum.

The previous code starts with initial_h_values, which might be a known good starting point. The user mentioned that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to reach 0.380876. The previous program achieved 0.381142, so there's room for improvement.

One thought is that maybe the optimization approach can be improved. The previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP with perturbations. But maybe we can use different methods, or adjust parameters. Alternatively, maybe the initial guess isn't good enough, so we can try other starting points.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be thought of as the maximum over all shifts. For each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since the function is periodic or has some symmetry, maybe there's a way to design h(x) to minimize this maximum.

But how? Maybe using some periodic structure. For example, if h(x) is designed to have certain intervals where it's 1, and others where it's 0, such that overlaps with shifts are minimized. But the continuous nature makes it tricky.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more structured optimization approach. Instead of random perturbations, maybe use a grid search over possible h structures, or use a different optimization method like genetic algorithms, but those might be too slow.

Wait, the problem mentions that smaller n_points are preferred because they're faster to optimize. The initial code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values) which is 45. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points could help? But I need to check if that's allowed. The user said smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps trying with a smaller n_points could be feasible. However, the current initial_h_values is 45. Maybe I can try other starting points with different n_points.

Alternatively, maybe the previous approach can be improved by using more efficient optimization methods. For example, using a different solver in scipy.optimize. The previous code used COBYLA and SLSQP. Maybe using a global optimizer, but those are often slow. However, given the time budget, maybe a combination of local search with smart initializations.

Another thought: the overlap integral for different shifts k may be related to the Fourier transform. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is similar to the convolution of h and (1 - h) scaled. But I'm not sure how to use this directly in optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum over k of the integral could be minimized by balancing the overlap for different shifts. Perhaps using a more structured approach like dividing the interval [0,2] into regions and assigning h(x) values to minimize overlaps in each region.

Wait, but the problem allows for any step function. So maybe a better approach is to use a more intelligent optimization strategy. For example, instead of random perturbations, using simulated annealing or other methods that explore the space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, maybe using a combination of different optimization methods and starting points would be better. Also, maybe using the current initial_h_values and trying to refine it with a different optimization strategy.

Looking at the previous code, it uses a perturbation approach. Maybe instead of using COBYLA and SLSQP, using a different method like Nelder-Mead or BFGS. Or perhaps using a more efficient gradient-based approach.

Another angle: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over k. Maybe reformulating the problem as a semi-infinite optimization. However, that's probably too complex for the budget.

Alternatively, considering that for each k, the integral can be bounded, and trying to find h that minimizes the maximum of these integrals. Perhaps using a greedy approach where for each shift, the integral is minimized, but this is a local approach and may not work for the global maximum.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum over k can be associated with certain shifts. For example, the shifts that cause the most overlap. So maybe the optimal h minimizes the overlap for the most critical shifts.

But how to model this?

Alternatively, maybe using symmetry. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around 1, or has periodic properties that make overlapping shifts less likely. But again, how to construct such a function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals. For example, using a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlapping when shifted.

But the current problem allows h to be any step function, so this could be a viable approach.

Perhaps trying to create a function that has a certain number of intervals (say, 3 or 4) where h(x) is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that shifting it by k would cause minimal overlap. For example, if the 1s are spread out so that shifting doesn't overlap much.

But how to find the optimal arrangement?

Another idea: since the integral is over x in [0,2], the shifts would wrap around. For example, if h(x) is 1 on [a,b], then shifting by k would make the overlap with 1 - h(x + k) depend on how much [a,b] and [a-k, b -k] overlap with the regions where h is 0.

But this is getting too vague. Perhaps the key is to find a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that any shift will have minimal overlap.

But how to model this in the optimization?

Perhaps the previous approach of using optimization with perturbations can be improved by using more efficient optimization steps. For example, using a better initial guess, or more efficient solvers.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different space. Since the integral is over [0,2], and the function is stepwise, perhaps using a parameterization that represents the function as a set of intervals where h is 1 or 0.

But this would complicate the optimization, as the number of intervals and their positions would be variables.

Alternatively, using a parameterization with a certain number of breakpoints. For example, choosing breakpoints where h(x) changes from 0 to 1 or vice versa. But again, this adds complexity.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by tweaking the optimization parameters, trying different methods, and exploring different starting points.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), but maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using fewer points to reduce the size of the problem, making it faster to optimize. However, the initial_h_values is given with n=45, so perhaps there's a way to generate a starting point with a different n_points.

But given the problem statement says that the function is called with initial_h_values (if available), and we must use it. So perhaps trying to modify that initial guess.

Wait, the user says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables."

So I can't copy the initial_h_values into the code. But maybe I can use it as the initial guess, and then try to perturb it.

Alternatively, maybe generate a starting point based on some pattern. For example, a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that minimizes overlap. Or a function that has 1s in non-overlapping positions when shifted.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the initial_h_values is a pre-imported variable, so perhaps the user has a specific structure. For example, maybe it's a known construction, like a piecewise function that is 1 for certain intervals.

But since I can't access that data, I have to work with what's given. So the previous code starts with initial_h_values and then optimizes it.

In the previous code, the optimization uses COBYLA first, then SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe the key is to improve this approach.

Another idea: instead of perturbing with a fixed scale, maybe use a more adaptive perturbation. Or use a different optimization method.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of different optimizers. For example, first using a global method (like differential evolution) to find a good initial guess, then refine it with local optimizers.

But the user's code has a time budget of 100 seconds. Differential evolution might be too slow. However, maybe with a small number of iterations, it could be feasible.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. The previous code uses COBYLA as the first step. Maybe switching to another method, like L-BFGS-B, which is more efficient for bound-constrained problems.

But the previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP. Maybe using a different initial guess could help.

Also, the previous code's objective function is to minimize the max of the correlation. The problem is that the max is a non-smooth function, making it hard for gradient-based methods. So perhaps using a different approach, such as reformulating the problem to minimize the maximum over k, but that might not be straightforward.

Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of the integrals. So it's a minimax problem. This can be challenging for optimization, as the max is not differentiable.

Another idea: perhaps approximate the max by using a Lagrange multiplier approach, turning the problem into a constrained optimization. For example, minimizing the integral for a certain k, subject to the integral for other k being less than a certain value. But this would be a semi-infinite problem and difficult to handle.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over all possible k, but the shifts k can be considered in a discrete or continuous manner. For the continuous case, perhaps using Fourier analysis. But since the problem is about step functions, this might not be directly applicable.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is achieved for certain shifts, such as those that align with the structure of h(x). For example, if h(x) has a certain period or symmetry, then the maximum might be for k equal to the period.

But again, this is speculative.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation approach after the initial optimization. Maybe trying a different starting point, like a random initial guess, could lead to better results. However, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, so it's better to start from that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps the code has a good starting point. The previous code uses that, and maybe more iterations or better optimization methods could improve it.

So, to improve, perhaps try using a more efficient optimization method, adjust the number of iterations, or use a different strategy for perturbation.

In the previous code, after using COBYLA for 200 iterations, it runs SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe using a different method for the perturbations, like using a simulated annealing approach.

But given time constraints, maybe focusing on optimization parameters.

Another idea: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the integrals. The current code evaluates the max of the cross-correlation. But the cross-correlation is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, since the integral is over x ∈ [0,2], the shift k can be in the range that makes x + k ∈ [0,2] for some x.

Wait, the cross-correlation is calculated as 'full', which means it includes all possible shifts. However, for the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, the valid k's would be such that x + k is in [0, 2] for at least some x. So the integral is only defined for k ∈ [-2, 2]. But the code uses the full cross-correlation, which might have some redundant or incorrect shifts. However, the code then takes the maximum of all these, which is what's necessary.

Alternatively, maybe trimming the cross-correlation to only consider shifts that are within a certain range. But that's up to the code's current setup.

Another point: the current objective function is to minimize the max of the correlation. However, the maximum could be achieved at different k's, and the code's optimization might get stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps using a more global approach.

But with limited time and computational resources, it's challenging.

Perhaps the key is to use a different solver. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations, or using 'Nelder-Mead' with a good initial guess.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a gradient-based method that can be efficient.

But the previous code already uses 'SLSQP' and 'COBYLA'. Maybe trying to use a combination of methods, like using COBYLA for a few iterations, then using SLSQP with more iterations.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and applying a gradient descent approach with momentum to escape local minima.

But given the code's current setup, perhaps the main improvements are in the optimization parameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed scale for perturbation. Maybe adjusting the perturbation scale based on the current solution. For example, starting with a larger scale and reducing it as the optimization proceeds.

Alternatively, using a more intelligent perturbation approach, such as varying the scale based on the gradient.

But again, time is limited.

Perhaps switching to a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2. Then optimizing from there. But the user mentioned using initial_h_values if available, which is presumably a good starting point.

So, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code:

- Use a different optimization method for the initial steps.
- Try more iterations with the same or different methods.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization, such as the tolerance, maxiter, etc.
- Use a better perturbation strategy, such as more frequent perturbations or adaptive steps.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (3 times). Maybe increasing the number or changing the perturbation strategy could help.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a grid search around the current best solution. But that might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a small population size to explore the space. However, genetic algorithms are often slower and not easily implemented in the given time.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of many integrals, perhaps the problem is dominated by a few specific shifts. So, the code could focus on minimizing the integrals for those shifts, which might be computationally cheaper.

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult.

In the previous code, the evaluation is done as:

corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')

But the mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the integral for each shift k is the value at index k in the correlation array, perhaps. Wait, the cross-correlation for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx over x. For the full mode, the length of the output is 2n -1. So for each possible shift, the correlation value is stored. However, the maximum of these values is what's needed.

So, the code is taking the maximum of all these values. That seems correct.

In summary, the previous code uses an initial guess and then tries to refine it with optimization. To improve it, perhaps:

1. Use a different optimization method that can handle the non-smooth objective better.
2. Use more iterations or a better initial guess.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to ensure better exploration of the solution space.
4. Use a different starting point, if possible.

But given the constraints, how to implement this in code?

Another idea: instead of using a single method, trying to use a combination of methods, like first using COBYLA, then SLSQP with more iterations, and then again COBYLA, etc.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a larger maxiter, and better tolerance settings.

Another consideration: the previous code uses 'COBYLA' with a maxiter of 200, then 'SLSQP' with 150 maxiter for each iteration. Maybe increasing the maxiter for 'SLSQP' could allow better optimization.

Also, the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters in the optimize.minimize function can be adjusted for better convergence.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions. This is a non-convex optimization problem, so getting stuck in a local minimum is possible. Maybe trying a different starting point or using a more global optimizer could help.

But with the given time budget, it's hard to implement a global optimizer. So the previous approach may be the best way, but with some parameter adjustments.

Another possibility: the initial guess might be suboptimal. Perhaps generating a different initial guess based on a pattern that could potentially lead to a better result.

For example, creating a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap. For example, a periodic function with a certain period.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to create a new starting point. So the code must use the provided initial_h_values.

Thus, the plan is to improve the existing algorithm by:

- Using different optimization methods with adjusted parameters.
- Increasing the number of iterations or perturbation steps.
- Using a more effective perturbation approach, such as adaptive scales or different ways to generate perturbations.

In the previous code, the generate_perturbation function adds a normal distribution with a fixed scale. Maybe using a different distribution, like a uniform random perturbation, or a better way to explore the space.

Alternatively, using a larger initial perturbation and then reducing it over time (simulated annealing-like approach).

But given time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use more iterations of SLSQP, or try a different method.

Another possibility: the current code only runs SLSQP three times with perturbations. Maybe increasing that number or using a more systematic approach.

Alternatively, using a different method for the initial optimization, like 'Nelder-Mead' which doesn't require gradients and can explore the space better.

Incorporating these ideas into the code.

For example:

- Change the initial optimization method to 'Nelder-Mead' for the first step.
- Use 'SLSQP' for subsequent steps with more iterations.
- Adjust the perturbation scale and frequency.

But I need to write the code accordingly.

Also, making sure that the code stays within the time budget of 100 seconds.

Another point: the code uses the 'constraint_sum' which is a simple equality constraint. The objective function is the max of the correlations.

The code also uses a fixed dx of 2.0 / n_points, which is correct.

Now, considering the code structure, let's think about how to modify it.

Perhaps replace the COBYLA step with a different method, like 'Nelder-Mead', which is a simplex method that doesn't require gradients. This could help in exploring the space more effectively, especially in the beginning.

Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' for the initial steps, which is a gradient-based method for bound-constrained problems.

But the code's current structure has the initial step with COBYLA, then perturbation-based steps with SLSQP.

Another idea: instead of using fixed perturbations, use a more adaptive approach. For example, after each optimization step, generate multiple perturbations and evaluate them, then choose the best one to optimize further.

But again, time is a constraint.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I can:

- Use a different optimization method for the initial steps, like 'Nelder-Mead' or 'L-BFGS-B'.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Adjust the perturbation scale and strategy.
- Use multiple perturbations and select the best one for refinement.

Let me try to implement this in code.

First, modifying the initial optimization step to use 'L-BFGS-B' or 'Nelder-Mead'.

For example:

result = optimize_with_method('L-BFGS-B', initial_guess, maxiter=500)

But I need to ensure the bounds are properly set.

Another consideration: the objective function is non-smooth due to the max operation. Gradient-based methods may have issues here, but SLSQP and COBYLA are designed for such problems.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that approximates the maximum, such as a smooth maximum function. But that's more complex.

In the previous code, the objective is computed as the max of the correlation, which is correct.

Another change could be to use more iterations for each optimization step, or to increase the maxiter parameter.

Also, in the perturbation steps, after generating a perturbed point, the code runs SLSQP with maxiter=150. Perhaps increasing this number to 200 or more.

But I need to check how this affects the runtime.

Another idea: instead of running SLSQP three times, perhaps run it multiple times with different perturbations and choose the best.

But given the time, it's better to code these adjustments.

So, modifying the code to use different methods, increase maxiter, and possibly change the perturbation strategy.

Let me draft the code based on these ideas.

Now, considering the code structure of the previous example, I can adjust the optimize_with_method to use different methods, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'SLSQP'.

But for 'L-BFGS-B', the bounds are handled, and it's suitable for our problem.

Another thing: the user's previous code has a 'generate_perturbation' function that adds a normal noise. Maybe changing it to a uniform perturbation could help, or adjusting the scale.

In any case, the code should be written to fit the problem's requirements.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.02):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.uniform(-scale, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    result = optimize_with_method('L-BFGS-B', initial_guess, maxiter=400)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 15:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.015)
        result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed, maxiter=200)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```