<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out how to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous solution uses a COBYLA and SLSQP optimization approach starting from an initial guess. The goal is to find a better C₅ value, ideally lower than the current 0.38085. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, and we need to find the maximum of these integrals across all k. The lower this maximum, the better our upper bound for C₅.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and then uses local optimization methods. The main issue with that approach might be getting stuck in local minima. So maybe a better approach would involve using more global search strategies or different initialization methods.

Hmm. Let me think about alternative approaches. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could help escape local optima. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), these might be too slow. Alternatively, can we exploit some structure in the problem?

The problem is similar to optimizing a function with constraints. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1. The objective function is the maximum of the convolution of h with 1-h. 

Another idea is to use a different optimization method, such as basin-hopping or stochastic methods. However, the previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP, which are local optimizers. Maybe trying different optimization parameters or combining multiple methods could help.

Wait, the initial code uses a perturbation approach, generating perturbations of the current best solution and then optimizing. Maybe we can improve this by using more sophisticated perturbations, such as adding noise in specific regions or using different scaling factors.

Also, the previous code has a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe using a smaller n_points could be faster, but the user mentioned that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, with n_points=45, the resolution is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for a more precise function, but it's not clear if that's better. Let's check the current code's n_points: assuming initial_h_values has 45 samples. But the user might prefer smaller sequences. Wait, the problem says "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So maybe using a smaller n_points could be better. For example, using n_points=30 or even 20.

Wait, but if we use a smaller n_points, the resolution (dx) increases, which might make the function less accurate. However, the integral constraint is sum(h) * dx =1, so for n_points=30, dx=2/30≈0.0667. The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe the initial solution was with a higher n_points. But perhaps trying a different n_points could lead to better results. However, since the user wants to improve upon the previous solution, which was using n_points=45, maybe we can stick with that.

Another thought: perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe a different construction could lead to a better solution. For example, constructing a function that has more evenly spaced steps, or some regular structure. But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy. The previous code uses COBYLA followed by SLSQP. What if we use a different method, like a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly? But genetic algorithms are computationally expensive. However, with a budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible.

Wait, but the code needs to be efficient. Let's think about the constraints. The problem involves optimizing over the h values. Each evaluation of the objective function involves computing the convolution of h with 1 - h. For n_points=45, the correlation (as done via np.correlate) would be of size 45 + 45 - 1 = 89. Then, taking the maximum of these 89 values multiplied by dx. 

But in the previous code, the objective function is computed as the maximum of the correlations, but during optimization, the constraints are the sum of h equals the target. The current code uses COBYLA and SLSQP with certain parameters. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters could help. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations, or using different tolerances.

Another idea: perhaps using a multi-start approach, where multiple initial points are tried. However, in the previous code, the initial guess is from initial_h_values, and then perturbations are generated. Maybe we can generate more perturbations or use different perturbation strategies.

Wait, the previous code first uses COBYLA with initial_guess, then perturbs that and uses SLSQP. Maybe using different methods for different parts of the optimization could help. For example, using a global optimizer first, then a local optimizer.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't rely on gradients and can sometimes escape local minima. However, Nelder-Mead might be slower. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach.

Wait, the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize, which has various methods. The current code uses COBYLA and SLSQP. Maybe trying a different method like 'SLSQP' with more iterations, or using 'Nelder-Mead'?

Alternatively, maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. However, implementing that from scratch might be time-consuming. But maybe using the 'BayesianOptimization' library, but the problem states that we can use scipy, numpy, and other packages, but not any others. So perhaps that's not allowed.

Alternatively, perhaps precomputing the maximum of the convolution for different h values more efficiently. Wait, the current code computes the entire convolution and takes the maximum, which is O(n^2) time, but for small n_points, it's manageable.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals. So, perhaps we can model this as a bilevel optimization problem, where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. However, solving such a problem is challenging.

Alternatively, think about the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the integral of the product of h and (1 - h shifted by k). The maximum over k is what we need to minimize.

Maybe there's a way to find a h function that balances these integrals across different k. For example, if the function h is designed to have high values in regions that are spaced out such that shifting by k would not overlap much with the original h.

Another idea: maybe split the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, but such that the overlap between regions is minimized. For example, using a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

But how to find such a pattern algorithmically?

Alternatively, maybe using a binary search approach on the possible C₅ values, but that seems complex.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation approach, but perhaps the perturbations could be more intelligent. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe trying to adjust specific parts of the function where the maximum overlap is high.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of optimization steps. Maybe using a more adaptive approach, where the number of iterations depends on the progress made.

But given the time constraints, perhaps switching to a different optimization method would help. For example, trying to use a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch within the constraints might be difficult.

Alternatively, perhaps using the 'TNC' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which is suitable for constraints. The TNC method is for box constraints and can handle equality constraints. It's known to be efficient for some problems.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP. Let's see what their pros and cons are. COBYLA is for bounds and linear equality constraints, but here we have a nonlinear equality constraint (sum h = target). SLSQP can handle nonlinear constraints. TNC might be another option.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations. But the problem is that the previous code already tries SLSQP after perturbation.

Another idea: since the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem with the maximum correlation as the objective. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, which can be difficult for gradient-based methods. Maybe using a different approach where we approximate the maximum by considering multiple k values, and then optimize for those.

But that might not be straightforward. Alternatively, use the fact that the maximum over k of the convolution is equivalent to the maximum of the integral for each shift, and perhaps approximate this by evaluating it at a set of sample points.

Another approach: maybe consider the problem as a constrained optimization where we want to minimize the maximum of several objectives. But the maximum can be handled by introducing a variable that represents the maximum, and then minimizing that variable subject to the constraints that each integral is less than or equal to that variable. However, this is a semi-infinite optimization problem, which is hard to compute directly.

But perhaps we can discretize the k values. For example, instead of considering all possible k, evaluate the integral for a set of k values, say k = 0, 0.01, 0.02, ..., 2.0. Then, the problem becomes minimizing the maximum over these discrete k's. This would turn the problem into a standard optimization problem with a finite number of constraints.

But how to choose the k values? For example, for a given n_points, the possible shifts in the convolution would correspond to certain k values. However, the exact values would depend on the discretization. For example, when you compute the convolution, the shifts are in increments of dx. So, the maximum correlation is taken over all possible shifts along the interval, but when you sample h as a step function with dx, the shifts that are multiples of dx would be the ones that are relevant.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution for all possible shifts. The maximum over these is the C5 value. So, the C5 is determined by all possible shifts. However, optimizing this directly is challenging.

Another thought: maybe the previous approach is too restrictive because it's using only the initial guess and a few perturbations. Perhaps generating multiple initial guesses based on different structures could lead to better results. For example, creating a starting function with a certain pattern and then optimizing from there.

Alternatively, using a random initialization and then optimizing. But since we have a budget of 100 seconds, trying multiple initializations might be cost-effective.

But how to implement that? Let's think about the code structure. The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then perturbs it. Maybe trying different initializations, like a more uniform distribution, or a specific pattern, could help. But how to generate those algorithmically?

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, and h is a step function, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where it's 1 or 0, with certain lengths. But how to find those intervals that minimize the maximum overlap?

Alternatively, think about the problem as packing intervals with areas such that their overlap with shifted versions is minimized. But again, this is abstract.

Let me think about the previous code again. It uses a perturbation approach, where after COBYLA, it generates perturbed versions of the current best and runs SLSQP. But maybe instead of generating perturbations with Gaussian noise, we can generate more strategic perturbations. For example, identify regions where the overlap is high and adjust those points to reduce the overlap.

But how to do that without knowing the specific points? It might be complex. Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach where multiple k values are considered simultaneously.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum of the integrals is convex or not, but I'm not sure. If the function is convex, then we can find a global minimum via convex optimization, but I don't know if it's convex.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation. Maybe there are existing techniques in signal processing that can be applied here. For example, using a function with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code or something similar. However, Barker codes have specific properties and may not directly apply here.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a form of pattern matching. The function h(x) should have overlaps that are low with its shifted versions. Maybe designing a function that alternates between high and low values with certain spacing.

But again, how to translate that into an algorithm?

Let me get back to the code. Maybe the previous code can be improved by adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the method, or using a combination of methods. 

In the previous code, after initial COBYLA, they generate perturbations and run SLSQP. What if we also try other methods like 'L-BFGS-B'? Or try different starting points?

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed scale for perturbations. Maybe varying the scale based on the current solution. For example, when the solution is getting better, reduce the perturbation scale to fine-tune.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive perturbation initially to escape local minima, then smaller perturbations as the optimization progresses.

Another possible issue is that the current optimization might be stuck in a local minimum. Maybe trying multiple different starting points, not just the initial_guess and its perturbations. However, with a limited budget, trying many different starting points may not be feasible.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing a maximum, maybe the optimal solution has some symmetry or specific structure that can be exploited. For example, a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], or has certain repeating patterns.

For example, suppose the function h is designed to have a value of 1 in certain intervals, and 0 in others, such that shifting by any k results in minimal overlap. However, how to find such intervals?

Let me think of an example. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into three parts. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a], 0 on [a, b], 1 on [b, 2], with a and b chosen such that the integral is 1. This would give a step function with two transitions. However, the overlap might be high for certain shifts. But this is just a simple example.

Alternatively, maybe using more intervals. But without knowing the optimal structure, this approach is not straightforward.

Let me think about the previous solution's C₅ value of 0.381142. The current target is 0.380876. So, the previous solution is already very close. Our goal is to find a better solution. 

Maybe the key is to find a better initialization. For example, starting from a different initial guess that's more promising. However, the initial_h_values are provided, and we are supposed to use them. But perhaps generating a better initial guess based on the given initial_h_values.

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be a good starting point, but we need to optimize it further. So, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization approach on that initial guess.

Another possible improvement is to use a different method for the optimization. The previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP. What if we use a different method like 'SLSQP' with more iterations, or a combination of methods?

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to select the best h_values to evaluate within the budget. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require more code and might be complex.

Another idea: maybe the problem can be approximated by discretizing the k values and adding constraints for each k, then solving a constrained optimization problem. For example, instead of maximizing over all k, we can evaluate the integral for a subset of k values and add constraints that those integrals are below a certain value. But this would still be difficult because the number of k values is large.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or approximate method to estimate the maximum correlation and optimize accordingly.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the shifts that correspond to the maximum correlation and focus on those during optimization. For example, during the optimization phase, track the k that gives the maximum correlation and adjust the function to reduce that particular overlap. 

But how to implement that in code? 

Perhaps the previous code could be modified to run multiple optimization steps, each time targeting a specific k that is currently giving the highest correlation. However, this would require tracking the maximum correlation and adjusting the function accordingly, which might be complex.

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization where the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, but this is still a single objective.

Another thought: the current code uses a single objective (the maximum correlation), but maybe we can use a different objective that encourages the function to have lower maximum overlaps. For example, minimizing the sum of the squares of the correlations, but this might not directly minimize the maximum.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where we penalize large correlations, but this might not work as well.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a different optimization algorithm. For example, the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can be more effective in avoiding local minima. Let me think: Nelder-Mead is a derivative-free optimization method, so maybe it could explore more of the search space and find better minima than the gradient-based methods used before.

So maybe modifying the code to use Nelder-Mead as the optimization method. However, Nelder-Mead may be slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds, it's possible.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It first runs COBYLA, then SLSQP on perturbed points. Maybe replacing those with Nelder-Mead could yield better results.

But how to implement that? Let me see. Scipy's minimize function supports the 'Nelder-Mead' method. So, perhaps changing the optimization method to this.

Another point: the previous code uses a perturbation strategy, generating new points around the current best. Maybe instead of COBYLA, using Nelder-Mead from the initial guess, then using SLSQP or another method on perturbations.

Alternatively, combining methods like COBYLA and Nelder-Mead. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method, like 'Nelder-Mead', and see if that gives a better result.

So, modifying the code to use Nelder-Mead as the initial method. 

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations, and different constraints.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the same bounds for all points. Maybe adjusting the bounds during optimization, but I don't think that's possible here.

Also, the constraint_sum function is the sum of h - target_sum. This is a linear constraint, so it's handled properly by SLSQP and COBYLA.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed dx and a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points. But the user says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. However, the initial_h_values may have n_points = 45. Let's say we stick to that.

Another idea: to use a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster. However, with small n_points (like 45), the difference may not be significant. But for larger n_points, it could be. However, the previous code uses numpy.correlate, which is O(n^2) time. If we switch to an FFT-based method, it could be O(n log n), which is faster. However, due to the limited budget, maybe it's not worth the change, unless it speeds up the evaluation.

But for the purposes of this problem, perhaps the previous way is sufficient.

Another thought: perhaps the current code is too focused on the initial guess and perturbations, leading to suboptimal solutions. Maybe a better approach is to use a global optimization method that explores more of the search space. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. 

However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch may be time-consuming. But maybe a simple version can be coded. For example, creating a population of h_vectors, evaluating their objective function, selecting the best ones, mutating them, and breeding. This could potentially find better solutions.

But with a time budget of 100 seconds, and given that the population must be kept small to manage computation time, this might be feasible.

Let me think about how to implement this. The fitness function is the C5 value, and we want to minimize it. So, the genetic algorithm would evolve the population toward lower C5 values.

For example:

Initialize a population of h_vectors with random values that satisfy the sum constraint.

Evaluate the fitness (C5) for each in the population.

Select the elites (best performers) to carry over to the next generation.

Mutate the other individuals by randomly adjusting some of their values, ensuring they stay within [0,1] and the sum constraint.

Repeat for several generations.

However, implementing this requires a lot of code, and the population must be limited in size. But given the time constraints, it might be manageable.

Alternatively, using a simple evolutionary approach with a small population.

But since the code must be self-contained and concise, and given the time, it might be better to try this approach.

Alternatively, given the time, perhaps the previous approach can be modified by using a different optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, and increasing the number of iterations.

Let me proceed to modify the code. 

First, in the previous code, the initial guess is from initial_h_values. Then it runs COBYLA. Let's try replacing COBYLA with Nelder-Mead.

But how to handle the constraints? Nelder-Mead doesn't handle constraints directly. Wait, the 'Nelder-Mead' method in scipy.optimize.minimize doesn't support constraints. So, we need to use a constrained optimizer. 

Therefore, the previous code uses SLSQP and COBYLA methods, which handle constraints. So perhaps the best approach is to try a different constrained optimization method.

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and better settings.

Let me think about adjusting the parameters. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations. The previous code uses maxiter=200 for COBYLA and 150 for SLSQP. Maybe increasing these numbers could allow for better optimization.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses the same perturbation scale throughout, but perhaps varying the scale based on the current solution's progress.

Alternatively, trying a different perturbation method. For example, instead of Gaussian noise, adding small perturbations to a subset of the points to target the maximum correlation.

But since this requires knowing which points are contributing to the maximum, it's complex.

Another idea: in the previous code, after optimizing with COBYLA, the code generates perturbations using a normal distribution with scale 0.03. Maybe using a smaller scale for later perturbations to fine-tune the solution.

But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint and then optimizing from there. But the initial_h_values is provided, so using that is better.

Another thought: the previous code's C5 value is 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So the difference is about 0.000266. Perhaps by finding a slightly better solution, we can get closer to the target.

Let me think of ways to improve the optimization process. One possible change is to use a combination of optimization methods. For example, start with a global search, then refine with local optimization. But without a global optimizer, this is difficult.

Another option: use a hybrid approach where we use COBYLA to find a local minimum, then use a basin-hopping method to explore around it. However, basinhopping is not part of the standard scipy.optimize functions, but maybe it's available.

Wait, scipy.optimize has basinhopping, which is a global optimization method. However, integrating that into the code might help escape local minima. 

But the code has to be self-contained, and the time budget is tight. However, including basinhopping could be a good idea. Let me think about how to implement that.

Basinhopping uses a local optimizer (like SLSQP or COBYLA) and then randomly perturbs the solution to escape local minima. This could be more effective than simple perturbations.

So, the plan would be:

- Use basinhopping to explore the solution space, with a local optimizer like SLSQP.

But how to implement this?

In the code, after initializing the guess, run basinhopping with the objective function and the constraint. However, basinhopping requires the local optimizer to be specified, and it may take more time. 

However, with the budget of 100 seconds, it may be feasible. 

But let's think about the code. The previous code uses COBYLA and then SLSQP. Perhaps replacing this with basinhopping could lead to better results.

But the basinhopping method is more suitable for large-scale problems, and with a limited budget, it might be too slow. However, since the problem's constraints are small (45 variables), it may be manageable.

Let me try to outline this approach. 

In the code, after importing scipy.optimize, we can use the basinhopping function. But implementing this requires passing the objective function and the constraints.

However, the basinhopping method in scipy.optimize can be used with a custom objective function, but it's tricky to handle the constraints. So, perhaps we need to include the constraints in the objective function.

Alternatively, we can use the basinhopping with a local optimization that includes the constraints, such as SLSQP.

But integrating this into the existing code is non-trivial. However, given that the previous code is in the same namespace, perhaps the code can be modified to use basinhopping.

But the user's previous code already uses optimize.minimize with COBYLA and SLSQP. 

Alternatively, the code can be modified to use basinhopping as the main optimization method. Let me think about how to do this.

But to make this work, the objective function needs to be something that can return the value to minimize, and the constraints must be handled during the local optimization.

The basinhopping function in scipy.optimize is designed for minimizing a function with a fixed number of variables, with optional bounds. However, since we have an equality constraint, the local optimizer must handle that.

Therefore, the basinhopping would call a local optimizer (e.g., SLSQP) for each perturbation. This could be a viable approach.

But how to implement this? Let's think. The basinhopping function requires the objective function, and we can use a wrapper that includes the constraints. 

However, implementing this would require more code. Let's think of how to adapt the previous code.

Alternatively, the previous code's approach could be replaced with basinhopping, with the local optimizer being SLSQP. 

But given the complexity and time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the previous approach but improve it by using different optimization parameters and methods.

Another idea: the previous code uses a single perturbation step for each new optimization. What if we do multiple perturbations and optimize each one? For example, after the initial optimization, create several perturbations and run SLSQP on each, selecting the best result. 

But this would increase computational time, but given the budget, it's worth trying.

In the previous code, after the initial COBYLA run, it does three perturbations and runs SLSQP on each. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation scales could improve the result.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code has:

def run(...):

    ...

    result = optimize_with_method('COBYLA', initial_guess, maxiter=200)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)

    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.02)
        result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed, maxiter=150)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result

    return ...

So, after the initial COBYLA, it does three perturbations and runs SLSQP on them. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP and trying more perturbations could help.

Alternatively, using a different method like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'TNC'.

Another possible improvement: the initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but perhaps a better initial guess could be generated. For example, generating a function that is more spread out, or with more uniformity.

However, since the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, we have to use it as the starting point.

Putting it all together, here's a plan for the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.

2. Use the 'SLSQP' method with a higher number of iterations and better parameters.

3. Generate multiple perturbations with varying scales and run SLSQP on each.

4. Use more sophisticated optimization methods, such as basinhopping, to explore the solution space.

But how to implement this within the code constraints?

Alternatively, given that the previous code is already quite optimized, perhaps the only change needed is to use a different optimization method, like 'SLSQP' with more iterations and better settings.

For example, in the optimize_with_method function, increasing the maxiter for SLSQP from 150 to 300 or more. Also, adjusting the ftol and eps parameters to allow for finer convergence.

But in the previous code, the optimize_with_method function has:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=x0,
    method=method,
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

So, if we increase maxiter to 300, and adjust other options, it might help.

Another thing: the initial guess might be a local minimum. By using a different method with more iterations, we might find a better solution.

Another idea: instead of using perturbation, use a different initialization for the optimizations. For example, generate multiple random initial guesses that satisfy the sum constraint, run optimization on each, and select the best result.

But this would require more computation, but given the budget, it might be possible.

However, implementing this would require generating random h_vectors that satisfy sum h = target_sum. For example, generating random values in [0,1], and adjusting some to meet the constraint.

But how to ensure the sum is correct? One approach is to generate random values and then scale them, but that would require adjustment.

Alternatively, for a given n_points, generate a random array, compute the sum, and scale it to meet the target_sum. But this may not be feasible for all cases, and it might not be a good initial guess.

But for the purpose of generating multiple initial guesses, it could be used. 

So, in the code, after the initial guess, generate several random initial guesses and run optimization on them. Select the best one.

But again, this would add to the computational time.

However, given the previous code's budget of 100 seconds, perhaps this is feasible.

In summary, the steps to modify the code could be:

- Increase the number of iterations for the SLSQP optimization.

- Try different perturbation scales and generate more perturbations.

- Use a different optimization method, like 'SLSQP' with more iterations, or 'Nelder-Mead'.

- Try multiple random initial guesses and select the best one.

But given the token limit and code complexity, I need to adjust the code to be as concise as possible.

In the previous code, the main issues were the use of COBYLA and SLSQP with limited iterations. To improve, I'll increase the maxiter for SLSQP and try more perturbations.

So, modifying the code as follows:

In the optimize_with_method function, increase maxiter for SLSQP to 300.

Also, in the perturbation loop, increase the number of iterations from 3 to 5.

Additionally, vary the perturbation scale to add some diversity in the perturbations.

For example, in the generate_perturbation function, use a scale that decreases over time.

Alternatively, try different scales for the perturbations.

But to simplify, I'll modify the code to use a higher maxiter and more perturbations.

Here's the revised code:

- Use SLSQP with maxiter=300.

- In the perturbation loop, run it 5 times instead of 3.

- Use a smaller scale for perturbations to avoid large jumps.

Let's implement this in the code.

Another change: using the 'SLSQP' method from the beginning instead of COBYLA, to see if it gives better results.

But the initial code uses COBYLA first. Perhaps replacing COBYLA with SLSQP initially.

Alternatively, combining COBYLA and SLSQP.

But the previous approach seems to have a good structure.

In summary, the plan is to improve the previous code by increasing iteration counts, trying more perturbations, and possibly adjusting the perturbation scale.

So, the final code would look similar to the previous one, but with adjusted parameters and possibly more iterations.

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.03):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', initial_guess, maxiter=300)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.02)
        result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed, maxiter=300)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```