<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using optimization with COBYLA and SLSQP methods, starting from an initial guess. The target is to get a C₅ value lower than 0.381142, ideally reaching 0.380876 or better.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. We have to find a function h(x) on [0,2] that's a step function with n_points samples, such that the integral over all k of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) is maximized. The maximum of these integrals is C₅, which we want to minimize. So, the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k.

The key is to design h(x) such that when you shift it, the overlap with the complement of h is minimized. Since h is a step function, maybe there's a pattern or structure that can be used here. The current initial_h_values are n=45 samples. Maybe I can explore different starting points or use different optimization strategies.

The previous approach used gradient-based optimization with COBYLA and SLSQP, but maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, or a combination of local and global search strategies, could find better solutions. However, the time budget is tight, so I need something efficient.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe there's some symmetry or periodicity in the optimal h(x). For example, maybe splitting the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1 in a way that balances the overlaps when shifted.

Alternatively, thinking about the integral, which is essentially the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. To minimize the maximum of this cross-correlation. Maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with some regular pattern. Like, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a certain way, but since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the number of 1s must be half the length. Wait, the integral is 1, so sum(h) * dx = 1. Since dx is 2/n_points, the sum of h must be n_points / 2.

So for n_points=45, sum(h) is 45/2=22.5. So the function has to have about half of its values at 1 and half at 0, but with some flexibility since the values can be between 0 and 1.

But maybe the optimal function is to have h(x) take certain values that avoid overlapping when shifted. Perhaps a more structured approach, like using a binary pattern (0s and 1s) but with some spacing to avoid overlaps. However, for the integral to be 1, the number of 1s must be exactly half of n_points. For example, if n is even, exactly n/2 1s. For n odd, like 45, maybe a fractional number. But since we have discrete samples, perhaps some values are 1 and others are 0, with the sum being 22.5, so that's 22 or 23 1s?

But maybe the previous approach is not finding the optimal because the initial guess is local. So perhaps starting from a different initial guess, or using a different optimization strategy, could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using smooth optimization, use a genetic algorithm. But considering the time constraints, maybe that's too slow. Alternatively, using a combination of random perturbations and gradient-based methods could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. The current approach uses constraints on the sum and bounds on the h values. But maybe adding more constraints or using different optimization techniques could help.

Wait, the previous code uses a COBYLA method followed by SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe trying different optimization methods, like differential evolution, could be better. However, differential evolution might be too slow for the given budget. Or, perhaps using a hybrid approach: start with some global search and then refine with local optimization.

Another angle: the cross-correlation is maximized when the overlap between h and 1-h is as large as possible. So, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the areas where h is 1 and 1-h is 1 (i.e., h is 0) are minimized.

Perhaps using a pattern with regular spacing. For instance, if h is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged in a way that shifting them doesn't cause overlaps. For example, if the function is periodic with a certain period, then shifting by the period might not cause overlap. But since the function is over [0,2], the period might have to be a divisor of 2.

Alternatively, think of it like a binary sequence where 1s are placed in positions that are spaced to avoid overlaps when shifted. For example, placing 1s in a way that they are not too close to each other. This is similar to a code design problem, where the goal is to have minimal overlap.

But how to translate that into a function h(x)? Maybe using a binary pattern with certain lengths. For example, if the function is 0 between certain intervals and 1 elsewhere, but ensuring that when shifted, these intervals don't overlap.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a combination of several intervals. For instance, splitting the interval [0,2] into parts where h(x) is 1 and 0, arranged such that the shifts k cause minimal overlap. However, with the integral constraint, it's a balance between the number of 1s and their spacing.

Another thought: the problem resembles the binary optimization problem of minimizing the maximum number of overlapping intervals when shifted. But how to model that.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem where the function h is trying to cover certain points without overlapping. Since the integral is 1, it's a balance between coverage and spacing.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem. The current approach is using a step function with n_samples points. So maybe the key is to find a good initial guess, and then optimize effectively.

The previous code starts with the initial_h_values and then does some perturbations. Maybe I can try different initializations. For example, creating a binary pattern with 0s and 1s that are spaced apart. For instance, placing 1s in positions that are spaced by certain intervals. But how to generate such a pattern?

Alternatively, perhaps generating a function that is a combination of multiple intervals, with the sum being 1.

Wait, maybe the initial_h_values is a good starting point. If I can perturb it with different methods, maybe I can find a better solution. The previous code tried using COBYLA and then SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe using a different order of methods, or different parameters, could help.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search over the parameter space. But with the time constraints, perhaps that's not feasible.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals over k, maybe it's possible to model this as a multi-objective optimization problem. But that's likely more complex.

Alternatively, since the cross-correlation is being maximized, perhaps we can consider the maximum over k as an indicator of the worst-case overlap. To minimize this, the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap when shifted by any k. So, for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)). We need to minimize the maximum of these values.

Another approach: since the integral is over x in [0,2], and the shift k can be any real number. However, in the discretized version, the shifts correspond to the possible positions between the samples. So when we compute the cross-correlation, the maximum is taken over the computed shifts.

But in practice, the cross-correlation is evaluated for all possible shifts, but in the discretized version, the shifts are between the points. So the maximum is taken over these discrete shifts. So the problem is to design h such that for all shifts k (which are positions corresponding to the sampled points), the integral is as small as possible.

But how to model this. Maybe the previous approach is sufficient, but perhaps there's a way to optimize more effectively.

The previous code uses the COBYLA method first, which is for bound-constrained optimization, and then SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe trying a different approach, such as using a different optimization library, like scipy's differential evolution, could help. However, differential evolution might be too slow for the given budget.

Another idea: using a surrogate model for the objective function, but with the time constraints, that's not feasible.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and use a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, if the maximum is taken over shifts, maybe we can find which shifts contribute the most and focus on those. But that's again a heuristic.

Alternatively, could the problem be transformed into a system of equations where the maximum is minimized? That seems difficult.

Alternatively, think about the dual problem. Since the objective is to find h that minimizes the maximum of the integrals, maybe we can use duality techniques from optimization. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: maybe the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties. For example, if it's a square wave with a certain period. If we can find such a function that satisfies the integral constraint, it might lead to a lower C₅. However, designing such a function requires careful construction.

For example, suppose we divide [0,2] into m equal intervals. Then, assign h(x) to be 1 for half of the intervals and 0 for the other half. The sum would be m/2, and dx is 2/m, so the sum of h would be m/2 * (length of each interval) * (value). Wait, the sum of h is (number of 1s) * (interval length) * (value). Wait, maybe this is getting too abstract.

Alternatively, for n_points=45, which is an odd number, maybe arranging the h values in a way that alternates 1 and 0 as much as possible. But with the sum being 22.5, perhaps some positions have 0.5.

But this might be similar to the initial guess. Maybe trying to create a more regular pattern could help.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is the same as the convolution of h with (1-h) reversed, maybe we can model this as a convolution and find the maximum. However, I'm not sure how that helps with optimization.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a warped version. For each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. The maximum over k is the worst-case overlap. So the function h should be designed to avoid having regions where it's 1 and the shifted function is 1 at the same time.

Maybe the optimal h is such that whenever h is 1, the shifted function 1-h is as small as possible. That is, the regions where h is 1 should be spaced apart to minimize the overlap when shifted.

This seems like a covering problem. For example, if h is a set of intervals where it is 1, then 1-h is 1 outside those intervals. The overlap when shifted is the area where both h and 1-h are 1, which is the intersection of the original h and the shifted 1-h. So to minimize this, the intervals of h should be placed so that their shifted versions don't overlap with them.

But how to model this. Perhaps the optimal h is a union of intervals that are spaced sufficiently apart. For example, if the intervals are spaced by a certain distance, then shifting them by a distance less than that spacing would not cause overlap.

But how to determine that spacing. Let's say the intervals are of length L. Then, to avoid overlap, the spacing between them should be at least some value. But the integral over the entire interval [0,2] must be 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals should be 1 * (dx^-1) ? Wait, no. The integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the area under h is 1. If h is a step function with values between 0 and 1, then the sum of h[i] * dx = 1.

For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length dx, then m * dx = sum h[i] * dx. But if the intervals are of different lengths, then we need to adjust accordingly.

This line of thinking might lead to a better approach. Suppose we model h as a binary function (0 or 1), then the sum of h[i] * dx must be 1. The intervals where h is 1 contribute to the area. For the optimal case, perhaps the intervals should be placed to avoid overlap when shifted.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe using some pattern, but with the given time constraints, it's difficult.

Another idea: consider the problem as a continuous version. Let's suppose that h(x) is piecewise constant with a certain period. For example, if we can find a periodic function h(x) with period T such that shifting by k leads to minimal overlap. However, the function needs to be over [0,2], so the period must divide 2 or be compatible with it.

But how to find such a function. For example, if the function is periodic with period 2/m, then shifting by k could be a multiple of the period.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of certain basis functions. But again, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the problem of designing a binary sequence with minimal maximum cross-correlation. In that case, for binary sequences, certain constructions like Barker codes minimize the maximum cross-correlation. However, Barker codes have limited lengths. Maybe similar principles can be applied here.

But for a continuous function, it's not clear. However, perhaps discretizing and using binary sequences could help. But given the integral constraint, we can't have exactly half 1s and half 0s. For n_points=45, sum h is 22.5, so 22 or 23 1s and the rest zeros.

But even if we try a random binary sequence with about 22.5 1s, the maximum overlap might not be optimal. But the initial_h_values might already be such a sequence. However, the previous code's result is not good enough.

Maybe the key is to explore a different starting point. For example, generating a different initial guess that could lead to a better solution. If the initial guess is not the optimal, then the optimization might get stuck in a local minimum.

So, perhaps in the next approach, I can generate multiple different initial guesses and run the optimization on each, then take the best result. However, the current code only uses the initial_h_values. Maybe generating another initial guess, like a more evenly spaced binary sequence, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, creating an initial guess where the function h is a square wave with certain parameters. For example, placing the 1s in positions that are spaced to minimize overlaps when shifted. For example, placing the 1s at positions where they are spaced by a certain distance.

Another approach: since the integral is 1, the average value of h is 1/2. So, the function h should be designed to be as close as possible to the function h(x) = 0.5 for all x, but with the samples being either 0 or 1. However, such a function might not be optimal because the overlaps could be higher.

Alternatively, the optimal function might have some structure, like a Fourier series with certain coefficients. But how to find that.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game between the function h and the shift k. To minimize the maximum overlap, h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to a zero-sum game, and the optimal h would be a Nash equilibrium.

But again, solving such a game is not straightforward numerically.

Given the time constraints, perhaps a practical approach is to modify the previous code. For example, using a different optimization method, or improving the perturbation strategy. Let me think about the previous code's approach.

The previous code uses COBYLA followed by SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe trying different optimization methods, such as Nelder-Mead, could be better. Alternatively, using a combination of local and global methods.

Alternatively, adjusting the hyperparameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, changing the step size for perturbations, or using a different variance for the random perturbations.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a more systematic approach. For example, perturb the function in regions where the maximum overlap is high. However, this would require more complex logic.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first run a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then perform local optimization.

But given the time budget, even with a single core, it's challenging.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all runs. Maybe generating multiple random initial guesses and selecting the best one could lead to better results.

But how to do that within the time constraints. Suppose we generate k different initial guesses, each with a different random perturbation from the initial_h_values, then run the optimization on each, and select the best result. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so each run needs to be efficient.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. For example, create a function where the h values alternate between 0 and 1 as evenly as possible. For instance, for n_points=45, starting with 0, then 1, then 0, etc. But with the sum being 22.5, which is not possible for an odd number of samples. So maybe using a alternating pattern that starts with 1 and alternates, leading to 22 or 23 1s.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might not be the optimal starting point. So, generating a better initial guess. For example, placing the 1s in regions that are spaced in a way to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using an initial guess that is a binary sequence with 1s spaced as far apart as possible. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are equally spaced. For n_points=45, spacing would be 2/(number of 1s). But how to construct that.

Wait, suppose we have m 1s and the rest 0s. The sum of h is m * dx. Since dx=2/n_points, the sum is m*(2/n_points) = 1 → m = n_points / 2. So for n_points=45, m=22.5. So, since we can't have half a 1, the actual sum must be 22 or 23. For the initial guess, perhaps choosing 23 1s and 22 0s, but arrange them to minimize overlap.

But how to arrange them. If we can spread the 1s out as much as possible, that would minimize the overlaps when shifted. For example, placing the 1s uniformly spaced. For example, placing 23 1s in positions x_i = (i * dx) for i in a certain set. However, with the given dx, this would require careful selection.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place 1s such that each new 1 is placed as far away as possible from the previous ones. But this is more of a heuristic.

However, for code purposes, generating such an initial guess algorithmically would be possible. For example, starting with empty, adding 1s at positions that are spaced from existing ones. But with n_points=45, and m=22.5, we could generate an initial guess with 23 1s evenly spaced.

For example, if we have 23 1s, they would be placed at positions i * (2/(n_points)) for i in a certain set. However, since n_points=45, inserting 23 1s would mean spacing them at intervals of 2/23 ≈ 0.08696. But distributing these 23 1s across the [0,2] interval would require choosing their positions.

Alternatively, creating a shifted version of the initial_h_values, or using a different initial pattern.

But perhaps, for the code, it's better to try different initial guesses, like varying the initial pattern, and see which one leads to better results.

So, modifying the previous code to generate different initial guesses, then optimize from those. But how to do that.

The current code uses `initial_h_values`, which is provided. Maybe replacing that with a different initial guess. However, the user says that if `initial_h_values` is available, use it directly. Otherwise, create a different one.

But in this case, the user says that the initial_h_values is available, so the code should use it. However, to explore better starting points, perhaps the code can generate an alternative initial guess and compare.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to modify the previous code to improve the optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same random seed. Perhaps varying the perturbations with different seeds could explore more of the search space. But the problem says that the seed is fixed as 42.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method from the beginning with more iterations, or using the COBYLA method with different parameters.

Alternatively, decreasing the number of samples to reduce the computation time. For example, using n_points=40, which is smaller than 45. The initial code uses n_points=45, but maybe a smaller number is better for optimization.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they are faster to optimize and evaluate. So using a smaller n_points could be better.

So, perhaps the previous code uses n_points=45, but maybe trying a lower n_points like 40 or 30 would allow more efficient optimization. For example, if the optimal solution is found for n_points=40, it's possible that it's better than for 45.

But the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, so maybe there's a solution with n_points=40 that is better.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use a smaller n_points.

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, and the code should use it. If it's available, then n_points is fixed. So if the initial_h_values has n_points=45, then the code has to work with that. However, the user may have provided a different initial_h_values.

But the user's previous code uses initial_h_values, which is provided via the global variable.

But for the purposes of this code, we can assume that initial_h_values is available with n_points=45. So, the code must use that.

Another idea: the current code uses perturbations after the first optimization. Maybe using more perturbations with different scales could lead to better results. For example, varying the scale of the perturbation over time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima.

Alternatively, combining multiple methods. For example, starting with COBYLA, then using SLSQP with perturbations, but using the same perturbations for different methods.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. This is a non-smooth function, which may cause optimization methods to struggle. However, in practice, the maximum is taken over a discrete set of points (the cross-correlation values), so the function might be more manageable.

But in the code, the cross-correlation is computed with np.correlate, which for the 'full' mode returns the full discrete correlation. The maximum of these values is then multiplied by dx. So, the optimization is trying to minimize this maximum value.

So, the code is trying to find h that minimizes the maximum of those cross-correlation values. 

Another thing: since the cross-correlation is the same as the convolution of h with (1-h) reversed, but the code computes it with np.correlate, which is the same as convolution with the reversed kernel. So, the maximum over all shifts is the maximum possible overlap.

So, perhaps the code can be modified to allow for more efficient optimization. For example, using a different objective function that approximates the maximum, but that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlations. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts, but that's what the code is doing.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum is over a set of points, and trying to find the optimal h that minimizes the worst-case shift.

But I'm not sure how to proceed.

Another idea: since the maximum can be achieved at certain shifts, perhaps we can model this as a constraint optimization problem, where we want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation value. This is a minimax problem. However, standard optimization methods are typically for problems with convex objectives or constraints. The minimax problem may not be convex, leading to difficulty.

Alternatively, the previous code uses an approach where it minimizes the maximum value by using the max as the objective. This is done in the objective function, which is non-convex. So, the optimization is challenging.

Perhaps the code can be improved by using a different solver. For example, using the SLSQP method with a more robust implementation, or using a different optimizer from scipy.

In the current code, the optimize_with_method function uses COBYLA and then SLSQP with varying scales. Maybe trying different solvers, like trust-constr, which is a more modern method.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods and more iterations to thoroughly explore the solution space.

Another possible change is to precompute the shifts and use them as constraints, but that's not straightforward.

Another thing to consider: the constraint_sum is fixed, and the bounds on h are 0 and 1. So, the problem is a constrained optimization problem with bounds and equality constraint.

The previous code uses COBYLA for the first optimization and then SLSQP with perturbations. The COBYLA method can handle bounds and equality constraints but may not always find the global minimum.

Maybe using a different initial guess by generating a binary sequence with evenly spaced 1s and 0s. For example, placing 23 1s in the 45-point array such that they are as evenly spaced as possible. This could be done by taking the positions at intervals of (2 / m), where m is the number of 1s.

For example, for 23 1s, the positions would be at x_i = i * (2 / 23), for i from 0 to 22. But how to map this to the 45-point array. Wait, the array has 45 points, spaced by dx = 2/45. So the positions are at x = 0, 2/45, 4/45, ..., 88/45. But if we want to place 23 1s at positions as evenly spaced as possible within this interval, we could choose every other point, or some other pattern.

Alternatively, selecting positions in the array that are closest to the evenly spaced positions. For example, for each of the intended 1s positions at x = i * (2/m), where m is 23, we can find the corresponding index in the 45-point array and set h[index] = 1.

This would create an initial guess with 23 1s evenly spaced across the interval, and the rest 0s. This is a different initial guess from the initial_h_values provided, and may lead to better results.

So, modifying the code to use this initial guess could be beneficial. This would be an alternative starting point, which might help the optimization find a better solution.

Another idea: instead of using the initial_h_values provided, generate this evenly spaced 1s initial guess. But the user's instructions say to use initial_h_values if available, so we should use it. However, if the user's initial_h_values is not the optimal, maybe generating a better initial guess is possible. But the code must respect that.

But perhaps the user's initial_h_values is not the best, so the code needs to find a better starting point. However, the problem states to use the initial_h_values directly when available, so we can't change that. Unless the user has provided a different initial_h_values, but in the current setup, it's assumed to be available.

In the absence of further information, the previous code is using the initial_h_values. So, to improve the code, perhaps the optimization method could be improved.

Looking back at the previous code: it uses COBYLA followed by SLSQP with perturbations. The COBYLA method may not be as effective as other methods. Maybe switching to the SLSQP method first, or using a combination of methods.

Another idea is to use a more robust optimization method, like trust-constr, which can handle constraints and has better convergence properties. However, trust-constr requires a Jacobian for the constraints, which may not be available. Or, the user can use the 'SLSQP' method, which is available.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

Another possible change is to use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding random Gaussian noise, using a more structured perturbation, like flipping some bits in the h array, or adjust the values in a more controlled way.

But again, with time constraints, it's hard to implement.

So, to summarize, possible improvements to the previous code:

1. Use a different starting guess, like an evenly spaced binary sequence.
2. Use a different optimization method, like trust-constr or another one.
3. Increase the number of iterations or adjust the parameters for the optimization.
4. Use different perturbation scales and steps to explore the solution space more thoroughly.
5. Combine multiple optimization methods in a more systematic way.

However, the user's previous code already uses COBYLA and SLSQP with perturbations. So perhaps the main idea is to adjust the parameters and methods to get better results.

Another observation: the current code returns the best solution found, but there might be multiple local optima. The code tries to perturb and optimize from different points, but maybe using more perturbations or different scales would help.

Alternatively, using a box constraint method, like a genetic algorithm, but that might be too slow.

Given time constraints, I think the best approach is to modify the previous code to try a different initial guess, perhaps using an evenly spaced binary pattern, and adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as provided.
- Try the initial optimization with COBYLA, but increase the maxiter.
- Then, perform perturbations with smaller scales and optimize with SLSQP.
- Also, perhaps try a different initial guess by creating a binary pattern with evenly spaced 1s and 0s, but only if the initial_h_values is not available. Wait, but according to the problem, the initial_h_values is available, so we have to use it.

Wait, but the user says that when initial_h_values is available, use it, and never redefine it. So, the code must use the initial_h_values as the starting guess. So the previous approach is correct in using it.

But maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. Hence, the code might need to use a different starting point. But according to the problem statement, it should use the initial_h_values if available. So I can't change that.

Thus, given that, I need to find ways to improve the previous code's optimization process.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation scale of 0.03 and then 0.02. Perhaps adjusting the perturbation scales dynamically or using larger scales in the beginning to explore more of the space, and smaller scales later for refinement.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation approach, like randomly flipping some of the h values to 0 or 1, but ensuring the sum remains the same.

For example, in the perturbation step, instead of adding Gaussian noise, we can randomly choose some indices and reverse their values (0 becomes 1 and vice versa), ensuring that the total sum remains correct. This could be a way to generate perturbations that maintain the sum constraint, which is important for the optimization.

But this might be complex to implement. Alternatively, during the perturbation, we can adjust the values in a way that preserves the sum. For example, if we increase some values, we decrease others accordingly.

But this requires more complex logic.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to increase the number of iterations and adjust the parameters, such as the maximum number of iterations for each optimization step, or changing the solver.

Another idea: using a different solver for the initial COBYLA step, or combining multiple solvers in a different sequence.

Alternatively, trying to find the solution using a more efficient method for the objective function. For example, caching the cross-correlation results.

But the main problem is the contraction of the objective function, which is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. 

Another thing to consider is the computational efficiency. The current code evaluates the object function as np.max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full')) * dx. For large n_points, this could be time-consuming. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, and n_points=45 is small, it's manageable.

So, the previous code may be sufficient, but to improve it, maybe using a better optimization method, like the trust-constr solver.

Let me think: the scipy.optimize.minimize function has the 'trust-constr' method, which is a more modern and potentially more efficient method. But it requires the Jacobian of the objective function, which may be computationally expensive. However, in practice, it might converge faster.

So, modifying the code to use the 'trust-constr' method could potentially lead to better results.

However, the 'trust-constr' method requires the Jacobian of the objective function, which is not provided. Alternatively, it can be approximated numerically, but this may increase the computational cost.

Alternatively, since the objective function is the maximum of several values, the Jacobian is not easily derivable, making it complex to use.

Another option is to use the 'SLSQP' method, which is used in the previous code, but increase the number of iterations and better set the parameters.

So, modifying the previous code to increase the maxiter for the optimize_with_method calls, and/or use different optimization methods.

Another idea: using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradient information and might find better solutions.

In the previous code, the first iteration uses COBYLA, then SLSQP. Maybe changing the order or using Nelder-Mead first could help.

In summary, to improve the code, the following changes could be made:

1. Use 'trust-constr' or 'Nelder-Mead' methods for optimization, if feasible.
2. Increase the number of iterations in each optimization step.
3. Adjust the perturbation scale to explore more of the solution space.
4. Use multiple different perturbations and optimization steps to find a better solution.

But given the time, I'll try to implement a modified version of the previous code that uses a different optimization method (like trust-constr), increases the maxiter, and adjusts the perturbations.

However, given the time constraints, I need to write the code quickly.

Another thing: the current code returns the best solution found after several iterations. Maybe adding more iterations or perturbations.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Use the same initial guess.
- Use the 'SLSQP' method for both initial and later steps.
- Increase the maxiter for each optimization call.
- Use different perturbation scales.

Here's an attempted modification of the previous code:

- Switch from COBYLA to SLSQP for the initial optimization.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Perform more perturbations with different scales.

Alternatively, using a single optimization with higher maxiter.

But without knowing which method is better, it's hard to say. However, given that the previous code used COBYLA followed by SLSQP, perhaps switching to SLSQP only with higher iterates could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation scale of 0.03 and then 0.02. Maybe using smaller perturbations later or larger ones earlier.

But I'm not sure.

So, here's the plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Optimize using SLSQP with a higher number of iterations.
- Perform several perturbations with different scales and optimize.
- Return the best result found within the budget.

The code would look something like this, but with adjusted parameters.

But to keep it concise, I'll modify the previous code to increase the maxiter and possibly change the method.

However, the original code used COBYLA followed by SLSQP. Let's try to improve it.

Finally, the code should be written in a way that's efficient and within the time limits.

So, here's the modified code:
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.03):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', initial_guess, maxiter=300)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.015)
        result = optimize_with_method('L-BFGS-B', perturbed, maxiter=200)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```