<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used differential evolution followed by SLSQP optimization, and some random and uniform guesses. The current best is 0.381142, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

Hmm. I need to think of a better approach. The previous code starts from the initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe the initial guess is a local minimum, so starting from other configurations might help escape it.

One idea: Maybe use a more efficient optimization strategy. The previous code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP. But perhaps using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters could help. Or maybe use a gradient-based method with better initial guesses.

Wait, but the problem is non-convex, so getting stuck in local optima is a problem. The previous code tried multiple initial guesses, like random and uniform, which is good. Maybe I can try more sophisticated initializations.

Another thought: The overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). To minimize this maximum, the function h should be structured so that when shifted, it overlaps as little as possible with itself. This sounds similar to the concept of "low discrepancy" sequences, or maybe similar to the problem of designing functions with minimal self-correlation.

Maybe instead of using differential evolution, which can be slow, I can try a local search with simulated annealing, or use a more efficient global optimization method. But the previous code already tried DE and SLSQP. Let me think about other approaches.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more structured approach. For example, the optimal h might consist of multiple intervals where it's 1 or 0, but given the integral constraint, it's a mixture. Perhaps using a piecewise constant function with certain periodicity. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into several equal parts and setting h to 1 in some of them, and 0 in others, but ensuring the integral is 1. However, the previous code's initial construction is already a 45-point array, which is more detailed.

Another angle: The previous code's objective function computes the max of the correlation. The correlation is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For a fixed h, this is maximized over k. So, the problem is to find h that minimizes this maximum. 

Perhaps, instead of using DE followed by SLSQP, which might not be efficient, we can use a local search approach starting from a better initial guess. Also, the previous code tried multiple initializations, which is good. But maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation operations could be more effective. But the previous code used DE, which is similar. But maybe tuning the parameters of the DE or using a different algorithm could help.

Wait, but the DE might be too slow for a large number of points. However, the code uses a relatively small n_points, like 45, maybe that's manageable.

Alternatively, maybe instead of using SLSQP after DE, we can use a different local optimization method. Or maybe combine several strategies.

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the correlation over k, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum, which is a bit tricky. But with the current approach, it's already transformed into an objective function that returns the maximum value.

Another thing to consider: the current best C₅ is 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. How much can we improve? Maybe by finding a h that has better spread and overlaps less with itself. Perhaps by using more structured patterns, like placing the 1s in a way that shifts them don't overlap much. For example, if the function is periodic with certain intervals, but the integral is 1.

Wait, the problem is over [0,2], and the integral is 1. So the average of h is 0.5. So maybe designing a function that's 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but arranged such that shifting it by k leads to minimal overlap.

Alternatively, maybe use a function that is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, but the intervals are spaced in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 in a block of length L, and then 0, then the overlap would be when the shifted block overlaps with the original. But given that the integral is 1, the total length of the 1s is half of [0,2], which is 1. So for example, if the function is 1 on a single interval of length 1, but then it's 0 elsewhere. But then the overlap when shifted by k would depend on k. This is similar to the idea of a "spreading" function.

But the problem is that for general k, not just integer shifts, so it's more complex. Maybe, though, trying to construct such functions and see.

Alternatively, consider that the overlap integral for a specific k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, the function h should have as little overlap as possible with its shifted versions.

This seems similar to the concept of a "spreading" or "non-repeating" function. Perhaps a function with a certain number of 1s and 0s that are spaced out, avoiding overlaps when shifted.

But how to model this numerically. The previous code is using a numerical approach with sampled points.

Another thing: The previous code uses a 45-point grid. Maybe increasing the number of points could slightly improve the bound, but the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, since the user's previous code used 45, maybe we can start from there and try to fine-tune.

Wait, the user's previous code has an initial_h_values with n=45. Let me see. The initial_h_values might be a 45-point array. The code then uses that as a starting point. However, the user says that the user may want to start from the current construction, but explores other starting points.

So perhaps using different initializations is better. The previous code tried initial, random, uniform, and perturbations. Maybe adding more diversity in initial guesses could find better minima.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the optimization is stuck in local minima, so using a different optimization method like Bayesian optimization, but that's computationally heavy.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient SLSQP approach with better initial guesses.

Another thought: The correlation is calculated as the full convolution. The maximum of these values is the C5. To minimize this maximum, perhaps the function should be constructed to have minimal correlation, which could be achieved with certain symmetry or periodicity.

For example, if the function h(x) is symmetric around 1.0, or has a certain periodic structure, maybe this would lead to lower correlations. But how to construct that?

Alternatively, maybe using a piecewise constant function with equal segments, such as dividing the interval into m parts and setting h to 1 in some parts. For example, n_points = 2m, and arranging the 1s such that their shifts don't overlap much.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think about the code structure. The previous code does a few things:

1. Starts with initial_h_values and runs DE to find a better solution.
2. Then uses SLSQP to refine it.
3. Then tries random and uniform guesses, and runs SLSQP on those.
4. Then perturbs the best solution and runs SLSQP again.

The problem is that the DE might not be efficient enough, and the local search might get stuck.

So, perhaps modifying the approach to use a better local search strategy, or more effective global search.

But with the computational budget, how can we optimize this?

Another idea: Since the overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, maybe we can approximate this maximum by evaluating it at several key k values, and then optimize for those. However, since the integral is over the entire domain, evaluating at several k may not capture the maximum. But perhaps, for the purpose of numerical optimization, evaluating at a subset of k could be sufficient. This would reduce the complexity of the objective function.

But the current code uses the full correlation, which evaluates over all k. Maybe the maximum occurs at certain k, and we can focus on those. But how to know which ones?

Alternatively, maybe use a surrogate model for the maximum, but that's more complex.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum of several terms. However, that would require another approach.

Alternatively, think about using gradient-based methods. However, the objective function is the maximum of several terms, which is non-differentiable. But the maximum can be approximated with some smooth function, but that complicates things.

Another angle: The previous code uses the correlation function. For each h, the correlation with (1 - h) gives the values for different k. The maximum of these values must be minimized. So, perhaps the key is to have a h that, when shifted, overlaps as little as possible with itself.

In the case of the optimal C₅, the best known is around 0.38. The user's current solution is 0.381142, which is slightly above the target. So, the goal is to reduce this value by an amount of about 0.0003.

To achieve this, perhaps the function h should be structured to maximize the minimal overlap. Maybe by having segments that are 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, but arranged such that shifting them by certain amounts reduces the overlap.

For example, suppose we divide the interval [0,2] into m equal segments, and set h to 1 in some of them. The total length of the 1s should be exactly 1 (since the integral is 1, and over [0,2] the length is 2, so the average is 0.5). If we choose m segments, each of length (2/m), then the number of segments set to 1 is m/2. But this is only possible if m is even. For example, if m=4, then 2 segments of length 0.5 each would sum to 1. 

But how does this affect the overlap when shifted? Let's say we have two segments of length 0.5, placed at positions a to a+0.5 and b to b+0.5. Shifting by some k would cause overlap between these segments. The overlap would depend on the distance between a and b, and the value of k. 

This seems complex, but perhaps there's a pattern here. For example, if we arrange the intervals such that the distance between any two 1s is larger than the length of the interval, then shifting the function by a certain amount would not cause overlap. But this might not be feasible for the integral constraint.

Alternatively, think about using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, a square wave pattern.

But again, how to translate that into the sampled points.

Another idea is to use a certain number of 1s in the h function, spaced as evenly as possible. For example, if we have m 1s, each of width delta, and space them such that the distance between any two is large. But again, the integral constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2. 

Perhaps, if we can find a way to distribute the 1s such that their shifts don't overlap as much, which would lead to lower overlap integrals.

But how to implement this in code? Maybe it's easier to generate a candidate h vector that has 1s spread out and then optimize around that.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values might already be such a candidate. But perhaps the code can benefit from using different initial guesses, like a uniformly spaced 1s, or some other pattern.

Another thing to note: The code tries multiple initializations, including a uniform guess. Maybe refining that could lead to better results. For instance, the uniform guess is created by placing m ones uniformly across the interval. However, the code creates a uniform_guess by distributing m ones with spacing, but the exact method might not be optimal.

Alternative approach: Instead of using differential evolution, focus on a local optimization method that's more efficient. For example, using a 'basinhopping' algorithm which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima. However, scipy has basinhopping. But the previous code used DE and SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: use DE to find a good initial guess, then use a more precise local optimization method, such as SLSQP. But the code already does that.

Wait, perhaps the previous code can be improved by adjusting the parameters of the DE and SLSQP steps. For example, increasing the population size or mutation parameters could lead to better exploration.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to make the code run efficiently. The previous code runs DE for 300 iterations and then uses SLSQP, which might take time. 

Another idea: Since the problem is to minimize a maximum, perhaps we can use a more targeted optimization approach. For example, if we can find the k that gives the highest correlation, we can focus the optimization on reducing that particular k. However, this would require knowing which k it is, which is not known a priori.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, we can evaluate the correlation for several k values and penalize the ones that are high, but that's more complicated.

Another thing to consider: The evaluation of the correlation is done via np.correlate. The full mode returns the correlation for all lags, which is O(n^2) time. For n=45, that's manageable. However, with larger n, this becomes expensive. But since the code uses small n_points (like 45), it's feasible.

But in the previous code, the DE is run for 300 iterations with popsize 100, which is 300*100 = 30,000 evaluations. Then the SLSQP is run for 500 steps. Maybe the DE could be made more efficient by reducing the popsize or mutation parameters, but this might affect the quality of the solution.

Another idea: The problem might benefit from a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided could be a good starting point, but maybe the code can generate other initial guesses with better properties. For example, using a greedy algorithm to arrange the 1s such that they are as spread out as possible.

For example, the initial_h_values could be a pattern that is already optimized for spread, but perhaps the code can generate another similar pattern and try optimizing from that.

Alternatively, the code could use a simulated annealing approach. But how to implement that within the time budget?

Alternatively, since the code is already using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, perhaps the key is to find better initial points. The previous code tried several types of initial points, including random and uniform. But maybe generating a better initial guess could help.

Another possible improvement is to use the initial_h_values and then do a more refined optimization. For example, using a trust region method or another local optimizer.

But perhaps the biggest gain is in the initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a local minimum, trying to find a better initial guess that's not based on that might help.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can use more aggressive perturbations in the initial steps, or use a different initialization strategy. 

For example, what if we generate initial guesses where the 1s are placed in a more optimal arrangement, like a greedy approach to position them to minimize the maximum overlap. But this seems computationally intensive.

Another thought: The current best C₅ is 0.381142. To achieve 0.380876, it's a small improvement. Perhaps the code can be modified to focus on optimizing for a specific k, or to track which k gives the highest correlation and adjust the h to minimize that specific k.

But how to know which k is critical?

Alternatively, during the optimization process, the code could focus on minimizing the maximum of the correlations for certain k values. For example, the code could sample a few k's, say, the ones that are most likely to be maxima, and structure the optimization to target those.

But this seems too vague without knowing which k's are critical.

In the context of the time constraints, perhaps the code can be modified to use more aggressive optimization steps, such as increasing the number of iterations in DE or SLSQP, or using a different parameter configuration.

Another idea: Instead of using the initial_h_values as the starting point, the code can generate multiple different initial guesses and optimize each, then choose the best. The previous code does this with random, uniform, and perturbed guesses.

But the code could generate more initial guesses. For example, using a random pattern, a uniform pattern, a checkerboard pattern, etc.

Alternatively, use an initial guess that is a combination of two different patterns, such as a sine wave with certain parameters.

But again, how to implement this without long code.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as a starting point and then perturb it with different patterns, but that's already what the code does with the perturbed guesses.

Perhaps the previous code's DE step could be made more efficient. For example, by using a smaller population size or fewer iterations. But the previous code's DE uses popsize=100, which might be too large for the time budget.

Hmm. The problem is that the previous code's DE runs for 300 iterations, which might take time. Let's think about the time it takes. If each DE iteration is quick, then 300 iterations might be manageable. But maybe it's possible to reduce the DE parameters to save time and get a better initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using the 'scipy.optimize' functions like 'SLSQP' directly, but with a different initial guess. However, the previous code uses a combination of DE and SLSQP.

Another thing to note is that the code runs multiple optimization steps, including DE, SLSQP on initial guess, SLSQP on random guess, SLSQP on uniform guess, and then perturbed guesses. Maybe the code can be optimized by removing some of these steps or making them more efficient.

For example, after running DE and getting a good initial guess, then focus on refining it with SLSQP. Other steps like random and uniform guesses might not be needed if the DE already provides a good starting point.

But the previous code includes them as a way to explore different regions of the solution space.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the code can be modified to focus more on the initial DE and SLSQP steps, with better parameter tuning.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method, like the 'L-BFGS-B' method in SLSQP, which might converge faster.

Another thing to consider: The SLSQP method requires the gradient of the objective function. Does the previous code compute it? Probably not, because the objective is based on the correlation, which is a non-differentiable function. So using a gradient-based method like SLSQP may not be effective, as it relies on accurate gradients.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is a non-differentiable function. Therefore, using SLSQP with gradients would not be accurate, and the optimization might not perform well. This is a problem in the previous code. The SLSQP approach might not be effective because the objective function is not differentiable, leading to numerical issues in computing the gradient.

Ah, that's a critical point. The previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradient information. But the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, which is non-smooth at some points. Therefore, the gradient computation might be unreliable, leading to poor convergence. This could be a reason why the previous code's performance is suboptimal.

So, to address this, perhaps using a gradient-free optimization method like differential evolution or genetic algorithms, which don't rely on gradient information, would be better. However, the previous code already uses DE and then SLSQP, which might not be effective.

In that case, maybe the code should avoid using SLSQP and rely more on DE or other gradient-free methods. However, DE might not be sufficient for fine-tuning the solution.

Alternatively, the code can use a combination of DE and a local gradient-based method, but with the objective function properly approximated. For example, using a smoothed version of the maximum function.

But this is getting complicated. Another approach is to compute the objective function's approximation using a smoothed maximum, but that would require modifying the code.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over the correlation values, perhaps the code can evaluate the maximum correlation and use that as the objective. In that case, during optimization, each evaluation of the objective function would involve computing the correlation, taking the maximum, and using that as the loss. This is what the previous code does. However, since the maximum is non-smooth, the SLSQP optimizer may not work well because it requires gradients.

Therefore, using SLSQP after DE could be ineffective. The code might need to rely more on DE and similar global optimization methods.

So, perhaps modifying the code to avoid using SLSQP and instead focus on DE with more efficient parameters.

Alternatively, use the 'COBYLA' method, which is a derivative-free optimization method, but that's not available in all scipy versions.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free. However, Nelder-Mead may not be as efficient as DE.

In the previous code, the DE is used followed by SLSQP. However, the SLSQP step might not perform well due to gradient issues. So, perhaps removing the SLSQP steps and relying more on DE or other methods.

But how to structure this. Let's think about the previous code's DE steps: it runs DE with popsize 100, maxiter 300. Then uses SLSQP. But maybe removing the SLSQP step and instead using DE for more iterations would lead to better results.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach altogether, such as using a multistart optimization with different initial guesses and choosing the best one.

In summary, the previous code's main issues might be:

1. Using SLSQP, which may not work well due to non-differentiability of the objective function.
2. Not exploring enough initial guesses, or the initial guesses are not diverse enough.
3. Using DE with parameters that might not be optimal.

So, to improve the code:

- Remove the SLSQP steps and rely on DE or other gradient-free methods.
- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Adjust DE parameters for better performance.

But the previous code tried to do some of these things. Let's think of possible changes:

- Instead of using SLSQP after DE, continue using DE with more iterations or different parameters.
- Generate more initial guesses, such as using different patterns like alternating, spaced, etc.
- Use a different global optimization method, like Bayesian optimization, but that's more complex.
- Use a better initial guess, like the one from the initial_h_values, and perturb it more effectively.

Another idea: Since the integral constraint is sum(h) = n_points / 2, maybe the code can enforce this constraint more effectively. The previous code uses an equality constraint and SLSQP. But if the SLSQP is not working due to gradient issues, this could be a problem.

Alternatively, use a formulation that directly learns h without constraints, but this is not feasible.

Another possible improvement: Instead of using np.correlate, compute the overlaps manually for a subset of k values, which might be faster, but not sure.

Putting this all together, the plan is to modify the code to avoid using SLSQP after DE, and rely more on DE with better parameters, or use a different optimization strategy. Also, generate more diverse initial guesses.

Let's consider rewriting the code to focus on differential evolution with more iterations and better parameters, and maybe use a different initial guess.

Another thought: The previous code used a 45-point array. Perhaps increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. However, the problem says to prefer smaller sequences, so it's better to stick with 45 points.

In the previous code, the DE run is followed by an SLSQP run, which may not be effective. So, removing the SLSQP and using DE longer might help. Alternatively, using a hybrid approach of DE and a local search.

So, here's a possible plan for the improved code:

1. Use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, but with optimized parameters.
2. Use a local search method that is gradient-free, like Nelder-Mead, to further refine the solution.
3. Generate multiple initial guesses (like random, uniform, and spaced out patterns) and run DE or other optimization on them.
4. Choose the best solution from these.

Additionally, since SLSQP might not work, replacing it with a better local search method.

Now, implementing this in code. The previous code had some SLSQP steps, so perhaps replacing those with Nelder-Mead or other methods. However, the code needs to be compact and within the 300-line limit.

Alternatively, use DE from the start and run it with more iterations.

But with time constraints, it's better to focus on a few key optimizations.

Another approach is to use the initial_h_values and apply a gradient-free local search. For example, using the 'basinhopping' method from scipy.

But the code needs to be concise.

So, here's a revised approach for the code:

- Use DE with a larger population size or different parameters, which might find a better initial solution.
- Use a local optimization method like Nelder-Mead to refine the solution further.
- Generate multiple initial guesses (random, uniform, and others) and optimize them.

But in terms of code, this would require modifying the previous code's steps.

But given the time, the best approach might be to eliminate the SLSQP steps and rely on DE or other methods. For example, in the previous code, the SLSQP steps might be causing issues, so removing them and just using DE.

However, the previous code tried DE followed by SLSQP, then various other initial guesses. To simplify, perhaps focus on running DE with more epochs and better parameters, and then run a local refinement with a better method.

In conclusion, the main improvements would be:

- Use more sophisticated initial guesses.
- Use DE with better parameters for global optimization.
- Remove the SLSQP steps to avoid gradient issues.
- Optionally, add a local refinement step with a different method.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The previous code's run function has several optimization steps. The new code would focus on DE followed by a local optimization, but possibly with adjustments.

But given the previous code's complexity, perhaps the best way is to use DE with more iterations and better parameters, and then perform a local search with a different method.

But for the purposes of this response, I need to write the improved code within the constraints.

Alternatively, think of a way to generate a better initial guess, like using a regular pattern that spreads out the 1s, and then use DE to improve upon it.

For example, the initial_h_values can be replaced with a more evenly distributed pattern. But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps we can use that as a starting point and optimize it further.

In the code, the initial guess is derived from initial_h_values, but perhaps we can generate a different pattern.

But given the constraints, the code must use the initial_h_values if available, and not redefine it.

In the end, the code will have to use the initial_h_values as a starting point and optimize it further. So, the plan is to use DE with better parameters and then apply a local optimization method that is more effective.

But due to time and complexity, the code may need to focus on using DE with more iterations and better parameters, and perhaps remove the SLSQP steps.

Another possible adjustment is to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a gradient-based method, but the problem is that the objective function is non-differentiable. However, in practice, it might work if the gradient is approximated numerically.

But this is risky.

Alternatively, use a different objective function approximation, such as the average of the correlation values, but this would not directly minimize the maximum, which is the target.

So, given the time, the code would likely need to rely on DE with more iterations and better parameters, and perhaps remove the SLSQP steps.

In the end, the improved code would focus on using DE for a longer time, with better parameters, and possibly refining with a better local search method.

Given all this, the final code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def objective_de(h_values):
        return objective(h_values)
    
    result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
        fun=objective_de,
        bounds=bounds,
        popsize=50,
        maxiter=600,
        mutation=(0.7, 1.0),
        recombination=0.8,
        tol=1e-10,
        vectorized=True
    )
    
    if result_de.success:
        perturbed = result_de.x + np.random.normal(0, 0.002, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        result_min = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result_min.success:
            best_c5 = objective(result_min.x)
            best_h = result_min.x
    
    result_min_2 = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=initial_guess,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_min_2.success:
        best_c5 = min(best_c5, objective(result_min_2.x))
        best_h = result_min_2.x
    
    random_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    num_ones = int(target_sum)
    remaining = target_sum - num_ones
    indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=num_ones, replace=False)
    random_guess[indices] = 1.0
    if remaining > 0:
        idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=1, replace=False)
        random_guess[idx] += remaining
    result_min_3 = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=random_guess,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_min_3.success:
        best_c5 = min(best_c5, objective(result_min_3.x))
        best_h = result_min_3.x
    
    m = int(target_sum)
    remaining = target_sum - m
    x = np.linspace(0, 2, m + 1)
    idxs = np.searchsorted(np.linspace(0, 2, n_points), x)
    uniform_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(m):
        uniform_guess[idxs[i]] = 1.0
    if remaining > 0:
        uniform_guess[np.argmin(np.abs(np.linspace(0, 2, n_points) - (np.max(x) - np.min(x)) * m / (m + 1))) % n_points] += remaining
    result_min_4 = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=uniform_guess,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_min_4.success:
        best_c5 = min(best_c5, objective(result_min_4.x))
        best_h = result_min_4.x
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        perturbed = best_h + np.random.normal(0, 0.001, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        new_guess = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if new_guess.success:
            current_c5 = objective(new_guess.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = new_guess.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```