<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses a COBYLA and SLSQP optimization approach starting from an initial guess. My task is to improve upon that.

First, let me understand the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)) dx. The current approach uses a numerical optimization with constraints, and the previous code achieved C₅ = 0.381142. I need to find a better solution.

The previous code starts with an initial guess and uses local optimization methods. However, it might get stuck in local minima. So, maybe I should consider different starting points or optimization strategies. Also, the previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP with limited iterations. Perhaps using more sophisticated optimization techniques, such as genetic algorithms or Bayesian optimization, could help. But given the time budget of 100 seconds, I need a method that is efficient.

Alternatively, maybe adjusting the hyperparameters of the existing optimization methods could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations or using different methods. Also, the perturbation step in the previous code uses random normal perturbations. Maybe trying different perturbation strategies, like adding noise in specific regions, or using a more informed perturbation based on the current solution.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h(x) is trying to cover the interval [0,2] in a way that when shifted, the overlap with the complement is minimized. So maybe a periodic or symmetric structure could help. For example, arranging the function h(x) in a way that it's periodic with some optimal period, which could spread out the overlaps. But since the integral is fixed, the function has to be designed carefully.

Another approach is to think about the problem as a game: we want to minimize the maximum overlap. This is similar to a minimax problem. So perhaps using a combination of optimization techniques with different starting points and perturbations could help avoid local optima.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = len(initial_h_values)), which is 45. But maybe using more points could lead to better solutions? However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred as they are faster to optimize. So using more points would take longer to evaluate, which could exceed the time budget. So the user prefers smaller n_points, maybe around 100 or less. But the initial code uses 45.

Wait, the problem says that the user's previous program used initial_h_values with n=45. Maybe trying a different starting point with different n_points could be better. But the problem says that the functions should use the initial_h_values if available. So I can't change n_points unless the initial_h_values is different. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided as a starting point, and the code uses len(initial_h_values) as n_points. So perhaps keeping n_points the same as the initial_h_values is necessary, unless I can find a better starting point with a different n_points. But the problem says that the user's previous code used n=45. So perhaps I can try starting with the same number of points.

Alternatively, maybe using a different structure for the initial guess. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or structure that could help minimize the overlap.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to design h such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in the sense that shifting it doesn't result in significant overlap with its complement.

Maybe using a function that has a certain periodicity. For example, if h is designed to have a pattern that repeats every certain interval, the overlapping might be minimized. For example, if h is a triangular wave or a sine wave scaled appropriately. However, since h(x) must be a step function (discrete samples), maybe creating a pattern with alternating regions of high and low values.

Alternatively, considering the problem as an optimization over the positions and widths of the regions where h(x) is 1 or 0. For example, if the function h(x) is designed to have several intervals where it is 1, separated by intervals where it is 0, then shifting might cause overlaps between the 1s and 0s. The challenge is to arrange these intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another approach is to model this as a constrained optimization problem with variables for the positions and widths of the intervals. However, with the discrete samples, this might be too complex.

Alternatively, the previous code uses local optimization with COBYLA and SLSQP. Perhaps using different optimization methods, such as genetic algorithms (like DEAP) or simulated annealing, could help find better solutions. However, integrating those would require more code and may take longer.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. But the user says that when initial_h_values is available, we should use it directly. So I can't change that.

So perhaps the existing code is not sufficient. Let's think about possible improvements.

In the previous code, they use a local optimization starting from the initial guess, then perturb and optimize again. However, the perturbation is random. Maybe a better approach is to use more structured perturbations. For example, perturbing certain regions of the function that are known to contribute more to the overlap. Or using a gradient-based approach with a more effective step size.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. So, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, where each shift's overlap is considered as an individual objective, and the algorithm tries to minimize the worst-case one. However, this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first, use a global search method to find a good starting point, then refine it with local optimization.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous code's approach can be improved by adjusting the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations, using a different method, or combining multiple methods.

Another thing to note is that the initial code uses COBYLA and then SLSQP with perturbations. COBYLA is a derivative-free method, which might be good for constrained problems, but could be slow. SLSQP is a sequential quadratic programming method, which uses gradients. Maybe using a more efficient method, such as BFGS with constraints, could help.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA for the first optimization, then SLSQP for perturbed starting points. Maybe trying different methods for the initial optimization. Also, the perturbation scale might need adjustment. If the perturbations are too large, the optimization might not converge; if they are too small, it might get stuck in local optima.

Additionally, the current code only does a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using more iterations in the perturbation steps.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The cross-correlation in this case is the integral of h(x)*(1-h(x+k)) dx. For each shift k, this integral is the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. To minimize the maximum over all k, the function h(x) should be structured so that overlaps for all shifts are balanced.

Maybe using a more structured initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal segments and setting h(x) to 1 in some segments and 0 in others. But the initial_h_values might already be something like that. However, the user's previous code uses an initial guess, which I can assume is a good starting point, but perhaps not optimal.

Another idea is to use a greedy approach: for each position x, decide whether to set h(x) to 1 or 0, trying to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this is a greedy method and may not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector h_values, and the fitness function is the C₅ value. The genetic algorithm would evolve better solutions over generations. This could be a way to explore a larger portion of the search space, but it's computationally intensive. However, given the time budget, perhaps it's manageable with some optimizations.

But implementing a genetic algorithm in Python with the constraints might require more code. Let me think: for a genetic algorithm, the steps would involve initialization, selection, crossover, mutation, and evaluation. The evaluation is the C₅ value. The constraints are that the sum of h is fixed.

But how to integrate that into the existing code. Well, given the time constraints, maybe this is feasible. However, the previous code uses local optimization methods which are faster than genetic algorithms, but could get stuck in local optima.

Another idea is to use a combination of methods. For example, use a global search method first to find a good starting point, then refine it with local optimization.

Alternatively, try using a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and may handle constraints better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a modified version of the previous code but with more aggressive optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations for the SLSQP method, using a different initial perturbation, or combining multiple perturbation strategies.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. The current code uses np.correlate, but perhaps there's a way to compute it more efficiently, which could speed up the optimization process and allow for more iterations.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). However, the mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The length of the result is 2n_points -1. But since we're working on [0,2], the shifts k are from -n_points+1 to n_points-1. However, for the problem, the integral for each shift k is the overlap. But in the current code, the maximum of these cross-correlation values multiplied by dx is taken. So the code is correct.

But perhaps there's a way to optimize the calculation of the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing the 1-h values once and then computing the correlations. However, the code already does this.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed scale for perturbations. Maybe trying different scales for different steps, like larger perturbations initially and smaller later.

Alternatively, the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (3 times). Maybe increasing that number or varying the perturbation methods.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h_values. However, implementing Bayesian optimization within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a more effective gradient-based method. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using another method like L-BFGS-B with constraints.

Let me think about how to modify the existing code. The existing code uses COBYLA and then SLSQP with perturbations. Perhaps replacing COBYLA with another method, like SLSQP from the beginning, or using a better method.

Another idea: the constraints are that the sum of h_values is fixed. The current code uses an equality constraint. Maybe adding inequality constraints to control the individual h_values, but that's already handled by the bounds.

Alternatively, modifying the objective function to be a weighted sum of the cross-correlation values, not just the maximum. However, the objective is to minimize the maximum, which is a non-convex problem, making it challenging.

Another approach: since the overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x) (1 - h(x +k)) dx, this can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. The first term is 1 (because ∫h(x)dx=1), so the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. This transformation might make the problem easier to handle, but I'm not sure.

Wait, let's see:

Original overlap integral: ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx = ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx.

Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. So the problem is to maximize the minimum of these integrals, which is the same as maximizing the minimal overlap between the function and its shifted version.

This might not directly help, but it's an interesting observation.

In terms of optimization, perhaps this formulation could help in some way. But how?

Another thought: the cross-correlation at shift k is ∫ h(x) h(x +k) dx. So the problem becomes: maximize the minimal value of this cross-correlation over all shifts k. However, the original problem requires minimizing the maximum of the overlap integral, which is 1 minus the cross-correlation. So, lower values of the overlap integral correspond to higher cross-correlation values.

So, maximizing the minimal cross-correlation is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap integral.

But how does this help in the optimization? Perhaps it's easier to work with the cross-correlation directly. For example, the code currently computes the maximum of the overlap integral, which is the same as 1 minus the minimum of the cross-correlation. So, to minimize the maximum overlap integral, the code is trying to maximize the minimum cross-correlation.

But I'm not sure if this changes the approach significantly.

Back to optimization strategies. Maybe using a different method for the initial optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method from the start with more iterations. Or combining different methods.

Another idea: use a surrogate model or a response surface methodology to approximate the objective function and guide the optimization towards better regions. However, this might be too complex to implement quickly.

Alternatively, try to adjust the initial guess. The initial_h_values might be suboptimal. But since the user says to use it when available, I can't change that. However, maybe there's a way to modify it or generate a better initial guess. For example, rearranging the initial_h_values to have certain properties.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h(x) is symmetric or has certain periodicity. If the function is symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], that might help in balancing the overlaps for different shifts.

For example, if h(x) is symmetric around x=1, then shifting by certain values might have mirrored overlaps, leading to a more uniform distribution of overlaps.

So, perhaps adjusting the initial_h_values to be symmetric could help. However, the given initial_h_values may not be symmetric. So, perhaps the code can start by enforcing symmetry in the initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, I can't modify it, so maybe the code needs to consider generating symmetric initial guesses based on the existing ones. However, the user's code uses the initial_h_values directly, so maybe this is not possible.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of points. Maybe trying with a different number of points could lead to better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so going to a larger number may not be suitable due to time constraints.

Wait, the problem says: "Smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So the current code uses n=45 points. Maybe trying with n=50 or n=60 could be better, but given the time budget, it may not be feasible. However, if the code can run efficiently for n=45, it's better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization approach, but the problem requires using the sample points as specified.

So, putting this all together, maybe the key is to improve the existing code by using more effective optimization techniques. For example, trying different optimization methods, increasing the number of iterations, using more sophisticated perturbation strategies, or combining different methods.

Another possible improvement is to use a line search method or to adjust the step size in the optimization. However, this would require changing the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, use a more efficient implementation. For example, precomputing the cross-correlation values in a way that avoids recomputing them multiple times, or using vectorized operations to speed up the objective function.

In the existing code, the objective function is called multiple times during the optimization. Each call involves computing the cross-correlation. This could be slow if not optimized. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient. Perhaps there's no further way to optimize this part.

Another thought: the previous code uses a scale of 0.03 for the initial perturbation and then 0.02. Maybe trying different scales or adaptive scales based on the gradient or other metrics could help. For example, perturbing more in areas where the overlap is higher.

But without knowing the gradients, this is speculative.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a gradient-based perturbation. However, calculating the gradient of the objective function is challenging since it's the maximum of the cross-correlation values. The maximum can have derivative zero in regions where multiple values are equal, making derivative-based methods complicated.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h_values. This would involve defining a probabilistic model of the objective function and iteratively selecting the next point to evaluate based on that model. However, implementing this within the time constraints may be challenging, but let's think.

Bayesian optimization involves building a surrogate model of the objective function, which is the C₅ value. Then, using an acquisition function to choose the next point to evaluate. This can be more efficient than random search, especially in high-dimensional spaces. However, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex and has constraints, which makes it challenging.

But given that the time budget is 100 seconds, it may not be feasible to implement a full Bayesian optimization. However, maybe using a simpler approach like random search with some heuristics could work better.

Wait, the existing code uses local optimization from a few starting points. Maybe trying more starting points, either by perturbing more greedily or using a grid search, could help. For example, instead of a few perturbations, trying many small perturbations and evaluating them with some optimization method.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm could explore more of the solution space. For example, generating a population of h_values, evaluating their C₅, and evolving them through crossover and mutation.

But implementing a genetic algorithm may take more code, but given the time constraints, it's worth considering. Let's outline how this could work.

In a genetic algorithm:

1. Initialize a population of h_values.
2. Evaluate each individual's fitness (C₅).
3. Select the fittest individuals for reproduction.
4. Apply crossover to create new individuals.
5. Apply mutation to introduce variations.
6. Repeat until convergence or time runs out.

This approach could potentially find better solutions by exploring diverse regions of the search space. However, with the time budget, it might not be possible to run many generations unless the population is kept small.

But the user's code is only allowed to run for 100 seconds. If the genetic algorithm is too slow, it may not converge.

Alternatively, using a simple random search with some modifications. For example, generating multiple random perturbations around the initial guess and optimizing them.

But the previous code does something similar with perturbations. So maybe the key is to improve the perturbation strategy.

Another idea: instead of using normal distribution perturbations, use a more targeted perturbation. For example, identify the regions where the overlap is highest and perturb those regions to reduce the overlap. However, this requires knowledge of where the overlap is high, which might be difficult to compute.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, track which shifts have the highest overlap and adjust the h_values to reduce those. However, this might require modifying the objective function or adding additional constraints.

Another possible improvement is to use a more accurate optimization method. The previous code uses COBYLA and SLSQP. Maybe using the SLSQP method from the beginning with more iterations.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It first runs COBYLA with initial_guess for 200 iterations. Then it does 3 perturbations and runs SLSQP for 150 iterations each. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP could help. Also, using multiple different perturbation scales might be beneficial.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed scale for perturbations, use a decreasing scale over time. For example, start with larger perturbations to explore the space and then smaller perturbations for refinement.

So, modifying the generate_perturbation function to have a decreasing scale.

Alternatively, using different methods for different stages. For example, starting with a global search, then moving to local optimization.

But without implementing such methods, it's hard to tell. Given the time constraints, perhaps the existing code can be improved by adjusting the optimization parameters.

In the previous code, the optimization_with_method function uses maxiter=200 for COBYLA and 150 for SLSQP. Maybe increasing the maxiter to 300 or more for each method. Also, using a more precise ftol (tolerance) might help.

Another thing: the code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with the COBYLA and SLSQP methods. These methods have different options. For example, for SLSQP, maybe adjusting the tolerance or other parameters could lead to better convergence.

Additionally, the previous code uses constraint_sum as an equality constraint. Maybe adding inequality constraints for other properties, but the problem only has the sum constraint.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values. This is a non-smooth function, which can make optimization challenging. Maybe using a smoothing technique or approximating the maximum with a differentiable function. However, this requires changing the objective function, which could complicate things.

Alternatively, using a surrogate function that approximates the maximum value. For example, the maximum of the cross-correlation could be approximated by the average of the cross-correlations. But this would change the optimization goal and may not lead to the desired result.

Given all these possibilities, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the existing code to:

1. Use a different optimization method for the initial optimization.
2. Increase the number of iterations or the perturbation steps.
3. Use different perturbation scales.
4. Try multiple starting points generated by perturbing the initial guess in different ways.

For example, in the previous code, after the initial COBYLA optimization, there are three perturbation steps. Maybe increasing the number of perturbation steps or using different perturbation strategies.

Also, the current perturbation uses a normal distribution. Perhaps using a uniform distribution could help explore different regions more evenly.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, generate random permutations of the current h_values and optimize from there. However, this could be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, use a more aggressive initial perturbation, then gradually reduce it.

In terms of code changes, perhaps:

- Change the perturbation generation to use a different distribution or scale.
- Increase the number of iterations for the SLSQP method.
- Use a different method for the initial optimization, like SLSQP with a higher maxiter.
- Implement a more sophisticated perturbation strategy.

Let me consider modifying the code accordingly. For example:

Instead of using COBYLA first, maybe start with SLSQP. Or use both methods in a different order.

Also, after the initial optimization, the code does 3 perturbations. Maybe increasing that to 5 or 10, but making sure it doesn't exceed the time budget.

Another thing to consider is that the current code returns the best solution found, even if it's not the best from the last iteration. But if the optimization steps are not sufficient, this may not find the best.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

But in the given problem, I need to write the run function as per the requirements. Given the time constraints, I'll need to make strategic changes to the code.

Let me think of possible code changes:

1. Increase the maxiter for both COBYLA and SLSQP.
2. Use SLSQP for the initial optimization.
3. Use different perturbation scales.
4. Use more perturbation steps.
5. Try different methods.

Let me adjust the previous code accordingly. For example:

In the initial code, the first optimization uses COBYLA with maxiter=200. Perhaps changing that to SLSQP with higher maxiter.

But I need to ensure that the code stays within the time budget.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method for both steps.

Another possible change: the current code uses a normal perturbation with scale 0.03 and then 0.02. Maybe varying the scale, like 0.05, 0.03, 0.01.

Also, in the previous code, the perturbation is applied to the best_h, and then optimized again. Maybe applying perturbations in different ways, like in specific regions.

But without knowing the current best_h, it's hard to target specific regions.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate perturbations.

But given time constraints, perhaps the following changes would help:

- Increase the maxiter in SLSQP steps.
- Use a larger number of perturbations.
- Change the perturbation scale.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same initial guess for the first optimization, and then perturbs. If the initial guess is good, the first optimization may already be close to the optimal solution. But if it's not, perturbations are needed.

Alternatively, using the initial guess as a starting point for the first optimization, and then generating multiple perturbations to try different paths.

Another idea: the initial optimization step could be done with a different method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a higher maxiter. The COBYLA method is derivative-free, but SLSQP uses gradients. So if the initial guess is close to the optimal solution, SLSQP might converge faster.

But without knowing the specifics, it's hard to say.

In terms of code, let's try modifying the previous code:

In the previous code, the initial optimization is with COBYLA, then perturbations with SLSQP. Maybe swapping the methods.

Another change: increase the maxiter for SLSQP steps. For example, from 150 to 200 or 300.

Also, the current code allows for 3 perturbations. Maybe increasing that to 5.

Let me try writing the modified code accordingly.

But since the user wants the code to be concise and under 300 lines, I need to make these changes in a compact way.

Another possible change: instead of using the same code for all perturbations, use different scales for each perturbation step.

Let me outline the code changes:

In the optimize_with_method function, increase the maxiter. For example, for SLSQP, set maxiter=300.

Also, in the generate_perturbation function, maybe adjust the scale.

In the for loop that runs the perturbations, increase the number of iterations. For example, change the loop to run 5 times.

Another thing: when generating perturbations, using a larger scale initially and then smaller scales.

Overall, these changes could help find a better solution.

Given that, let's proceed to code.

The code will need to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use SLSQP for optimization, with more iterations.
- Perturb the solution multiple times with varying scales.
- Return the best solution found within the time budget.

So, the modified code would look like this:

- Use SLSQP for the initial optimization with higher maxiter.
- Perturb the best_h multiple times with different scales.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

But I'll have to write this in Python code, making sure to stay within the line and character limits.

Here's a possible version of the code:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    # First optimization with SLSQP
    result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', initial_guess, maxiter=300)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Perturb and optimize multiple times with decreasing scales
    for _ in range(5):  # More perturbations
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        scale = 0.02 * (1 - _/5)
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale)
        result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed, maxiter=200)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

This code:

- Uses SLSQP for the initial optimization with 300 iterations.
- Performs 5 perturbations with decreasing scales (from 0.02 to 0.008), which might help in exploring the space more effectively.
- Increases the maxiter for the initial optimization to 300.
- Uses a more systematic decrease in perturbation scales.

This should potentially find a better solution within the time budget. The code is more aggressive with the initial optimization and uses a different perturbation strategy.

Another possible improvement is to try different initial methods, like using COBYLA for the first optimization. But given the time constraints, the above code may be sufficient.

This approach should help find a better C₅ value, potentially improving on the 0.381142 current record.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, maxiter=500):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=x0,
            method=method,
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
            return result.x
        return None
    
    # First optimization with SLSQP
    result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', initial_guess, maxiter=300)
    if result is not None:
        best_h = result
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Perturb and optimize multiple times with decreasing scales
    for _ in range(5):  # More perturbations
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        scale = 0.02 * (1 - _/5)
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale)
        result = optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed, maxiter=200)
        if result is not None:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```