<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used some optimization methods but achieved a C₅ of 0.381142. The target is lower than 0.380876.

First, I need to think about how to approach this differently. The previous code used COBYLA, L-BFGS-B, and SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe I can try a different optimization strategy or adjust parameters. Alternatively, perhaps using a different starting point?

Another thought: maybe using a more efficient method for the optimization. The current code uses multiple optimization methods with perturbations. But maybe a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the space better, avoiding local minima. However, with the time constraint of 100 seconds, those might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, maybe there's some symmetry or pattern in h that can be exploited. For example, distributing the 1s and 0s in a way that the overlap is minimized over all shifts.

Wait, the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). Since the function is periodic or has some symmetry, maybe we can model h as a periodic function or use Fourier analysis. But the problem is discrete here with step functions.

The previous approach uses a step function sampled at n_points. Maybe the current initial_h_values with n=45 is not optimal. Let me check what n_points we're using. The initial_h_values has 45 samples. The user's previous code used that. But maybe increasing n_points would allow for a better approximation. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe keeping n_points small, like 45, but trying to find a better structure.

Another idea: the current code uses perturbations and multiple optimization steps. Maybe trying more sophisticated perturbations, like using gradient-based steps, or using a different set of initial points. Alternatively, maybe a constructive approach: building h in a way that evenly distributes the 1s and 0s to minimize overlaps.

Wait, in the previous code, they start with initial_h_values and then perturb. Let me think about the structure of that initial h. If the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, maybe adjusting that pattern could help.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap integral is over k, which in the discrete case corresponds to shifts. The integral for each k is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. So perhaps the goal is to make h and 1-h as non-overlapping as possible for all shifts.

In continuous terms, for each shift k, the integral is the measure of points x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, to minimize the maximum over k, we want h to be arranged so that whenever it's 1, the shifted version (by k) is 0 as much as possible.

This resembles a problem similar to scheduling or designing a set of intervals that avoid each other when shifted. For instance, if h(x) is 1 on certain intervals, we want those intervals to not overlap with their shifted versions. But since the function is periodic over [0,2], the shifts wrap around.

But since it's a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, then shifting by 1 would create overlaps. So maybe the optimal h includes intervals that are spaced in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

Alternatively, think of the problem as choosing a set of positions where h is 1 such that the set and its shifted copies don't have too much overlap. The total measure is 1, so the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 is 1. Since the domain is [0,2], that's a total length of 1.

So for example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into n parts, and set h to 1 in certain parts. The challenge is to arrange these parts such that for any shift k, the overlap between the 1s and the 0s (from 1 - h) is minimized.

Let me think of a simple case. Suppose n is 45, so dx is 2/45 ≈ 0.0444. The initial h has some pattern. Maybe adjusting that pattern by making the 1s and 0s more evenly distributed could help. For example, if the current initial h has clusters of 1s that are too close, shifting might cause overlaps.

Another idea: the previous code used a perturbation approach, but perhaps a better way is to use a deterministic pattern. For example, a binary sequence that alternates between 0 and 1 with a certain period. For example, using a periodic function with period 2/3, so that when shifted by 2/3, the intervals don't overlap.

But how to model that? Let me think. If the function has a period of 2/3, then the intervals where h is 1 could be arranged in a way that for any shift k, the overlap is limited.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for some k, maybe we can model the problem as a circular problem where the function h is designed to avoid overlap with itself when shifted by certain amounts.

But how to translate this into a step function? Maybe using a binary sequence with a certain structure.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. We need to choose a set of points (where h is 1) such that when you shift them by any k, the overlap is minimized. This seems similar to a code design problem, where the codewords are spaced to avoid overlaps.

Another approach could be to use a genetic algorithm. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, and genetic algorithms can be slow. But perhaps using a simplified version, like a tournament selection with crossover and mutation, could be feasible. However, the previous code uses scipy.optimize, which is more straightforward to code.

Alternatively, trying to use more efficient local search methods. The previous code uses multiple optimization methods with different parameters. Maybe adjusting the initial guess or the optimization parameters could help.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values. Let me check what that is. If I can't access it directly, maybe there's a way to generate a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, perhaps modifying it by changing the positions where h is 1 and 0.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess. But the user says that when initial_h_values is available, to use it directly. So we have to start from that.

Another thought: the current code uses a max of the correlate. The correlate for each shift k gives the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. So, for the function h, for each k, the value is the overlap. The maximum of these is C5. So the problem is to find h that minimizes this maximum.

Maybe the current optimization is too slow, and we can improve it by using a more efficient method. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess, or using a more refined optimization algorithm.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the max, maybe find a way to balance the different overlaps. But the problem requires minimizing the maximum, which is a hard optimization problem.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, it's equivalent to ensuring that all the overlaps are as small as possible. So maybe using a method that tries to equalize the overlaps. But how to model that?

Alternatively, considering that the current code uses scipy.optimize methods and perturbations, but perhaps adding more sophisticated perturbations or using different optimization techniques.

Wait, in the previous code, after the initial optimization with COBYLA and L-BFGS, they do perturbations and optimize with SLSQP and COBYLA again. Maybe trying a different order or using more advanced parameters.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (5 and 3 times). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations would help, but that's time-consuming.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. However, Nelder-Mead can get stuck in local minima.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (for each k), it's a min-max problem. Maybe using a penalty method that combines all the overlaps into a single objective, but that might not be effective.

Alternatively, considering that for each shift k, the overlap is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If I can find a h that makes all these integrals equal to the same value, that would be ideal, as then the maximum would be that value.

But how to find such a function? It might require solving a system of equations, which is challenging.

Alternatively, using symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around the center of the interval [0,2], maybe that helps in reducing overlaps. Or if it's designed to have a certain periodicity.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed dx of 2/n_points. Maybe varying the dx or using a different sampling strategy. But the problem requires h to be a step function over [0,2], so dx is fixed once n_points is chosen.

Considering the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by tweaking the optimization parameters, using different methods, and possibly adding more perturbations.

For example, trying a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is the starting point, perhaps modifying it by splitting or merging intervals to make the 1s and 0s more evenly distributed.

Alternatively, using a more efficient genetic algorithm. But given the time, maybe not.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to guide the search. However, implementing that would be time-consuming.

Wait, the previous code uses a COBYLA and L-BFGS-B with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or adjusting the tolerance parameters could help. Also, ensuring that the optimization is done for more iterations.

Another thought: the current objective function is the max of the correlate. To make the optimization more efficient, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the max. For example, precomputing all the shifts and then taking the max. However, that's already done in the code.

Alternatively, using a different loss function. Instead of directly minimizing the max, maybe using a penalty that encourages all overlaps to be small. However, the code already uses the max as the objective.

Another idea: the problem might benefit from a more structured initial guess. For example, using a periodic pattern with certain spacing. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into several regions where h is 1 and 0 alternately. Let's say, for example, if we have three regions where h is 1, then the shifts by 2/3 would avoid overlap. But exact calculations are needed.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem where h(x) is 1 for certain intervals, and when shifted by k, the overlaps are minimized. For example, if the intervals are placed such that they don't overlap with their shifted versions for any k.

But how to model this? It's complex. However, for the step function, maybe arranging the 1s in a way that their shifts by k don't overlap.

But with the given time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on optimizing the existing code with better parameters.

So here's a plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
2. Try different optimization strategies, perhaps using more iterations or better methods.
3. Use more sophisticated perturbations.
4. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
5. Consider using a different starting point if possible, but the problem says to use initial_h_values if available.

Another idea: perhaps the problem is sensitive to the number of points. The previous code uses 45 points. Maybe trying with a smaller number of points could allow for a better solution. For example, trying 30 points. But the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the previous code used 45, and the problem allows it.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So 45 is acceptable.

Another thought: the current code uses multiple optimization methods. Maybe combining them with different parameters. For example, using COBYLA with a higher maxiter, then SLSQP with a different tolerance.

Alternatively, using a more efficient method like SLSQP for the main optimization and then perturb and refine.

But I'm not sure. Let me think about the code structure again.

The existing code first does COBYLA, then L-BFGS-B, then perturbations with SLSQP, and then perturbations with COBYLA again.

Maybe changing the order or increasing the number of iterations.

Another approach: instead of perturbing and optimizing with different methods, use a single method with more iterations. But the code already uses several different methods.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different set of initial perturbations. For example, not just adding Gaussian noise but doing a more structured perturbation. Like swapping some 1s and 0s.

But how to implement that in code? Maybe by generating a perturbed h by selecting some indices and flipping their values.

Alternatively, for the perturbations, instead of adding Gaussian noise, use a more effective strategy like genetic algorithms. However, limited time.

Another idea: the current objective function is the max of the correlate. The correlate is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The length of this array is 2n - 1, and for each index, it represents the value of the integral for a certain shift. The maximum of these is the C5.

But perhaps the code could precompute the shifts and find the maximum. However, that's already done.

Alternatively, instead of using the max as the objective, perhaps using a weighted sum of the overlaps. However, the problem is to minimize the maximum, which is a more challenging objective.

So maybe the current approach is the best possible, and the key is to optimize it better.

In the previous code, the maxiter is 300 for all methods. Maybe increasing that would allow for better convergence. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so increasing maxiter could use more time.

Alternatively, reducing the number of perturbations and focusing on a more thorough optimization.

Another thought: the initial_h_values may have some structure that can be exploited. For example, if it's a periodic function with certain properties, perhaps modifying it by adjusting the spacing between 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, for the code, maybe using a different initial guess by generating a random initial h that satisfies the constraints. But the user says to use initial_h_values if available.

So, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by adjusting the optimization parameters, using a different set of methods, and increasing the number of iterations. However, given the time constraints, it's a challenge.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the correlate. For example, using convolution instead of numpy's correlate. However, the code already uses numpy's correlate.

Alternatively, using FFT for convolution, which is faster. However, the current code computes the correlate directly, which is O(n^2) time. For n=45, that's manageable.

But for larger n, it would be expensive. However, with n=45, it's negligible.

So, in code, perhaps the main issue is the optimization process. Maybe using a better optimization method.

For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations and tighter tolerances. Or, using a method that can handle the constraints better.

Alternatively, implementing a more sophisticated optimization approach, such as using multi-start optimization with different initial guesses.

But in the current code, multiple perturbations are used, which is a form of multi-start.

So, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and using different methods for each.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed scale for perturbations (0.05, 0.07, etc.). Maybe adjusting the scale to be larger for initial steps and smaller later.

But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, try different initial methods. For example, using the initial guess and then doing a more thorough optimization with SLSQP.

Another possible improvement is to use the fact that the problem is convex in some way? Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several concave functions, which makes it non-convex, so standard convex optimization methods won't work.

Therefore, the best approach is to use a local optimization method starting from a good initial guess.

So, to make the code more effective, perhaps using the initial guess and then applying a more thorough optimization with SLSQP, perhaps with multiple restarts and different perturbations.

Another idea: the current code does some initial optimization with COBYLA and L-BFGS-B. Maybe those methods are not suitable for this problem. Perhaps using SLSQP with bounds and equality constraints is better.

Alternatively, trying different optimization parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter in the minimize function.

In the existing code, the options for each method include {'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}. Maybe adjusting these parameters.

Another thought: since the objective function is the max of the correlate, which could be a non-smooth function (due to the max), the gradients are not well-defined. Hence, methods that rely on gradients (like L-BFGS-B and SLSQP) might have trouble. COBYLA is derivative-free, which could be better in this case.

But the previous code uses COBYLA for the initial optimization, then L-BFGS-B, then SLSQP.

So perhaps using COBYLA more effectively.

Alternatively, using combination of methods. For example, using COBYLA for a global search and then SLSQP for local refinement.

In the previous code, after COBYLA and L-BFGS-B, they do perturbations and optimize with SLSQP and COBYLA again.

But perhaps this is not sufficient. Maybe more thorough optimization is needed.

Another idea: precompute the shifts and find the maximum, and during optimization, use a more efficient way to compute the objective. For example, if we can vectorize the computation of the correlate, but numpy's correlate is already optimized.

Another possible improvement: the code uses 'full' mode for correlate. The full mode returns the full discrete cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the shifts in the problem are from -n_points +1 to n_points -1, but since the domain is [0,2], perhaps some shifts are out of bounds. But the code seems to handle that.

In any case, the current code uses the correct calculation for the correlate.

So, perhaps the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code by tweaking the optimization parameters and adding more thorough optimization steps.

For example, increasing the number of iterations for each method, or using different initial perturbations.

Let me think about code adjustments. For instance, in the optimization_with_method function, the options for methods could be adjusted. For example, for COBYLA, increasing the maxiter.

But the previous code has a maxiter of 300. Maybe increasing that. However, time is a constraint.

Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but using a better method.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed scale for perturbations, vary it. For example, start with larger perturbations to explore the space and then smaller ones for fine-tuning.

In the current code, the perturbations are generated with a scale of 0.05, then 0.07, then 0.04. Maybe changing these scales and the number of perturbations could help.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping certain points.

Another thought: since the problem requires the sum of h to be n_points / 2, any perturbation must respect this constraint. The current code uses clipping to ensure that the values stay in [0,1]. However, this is correct.

So, given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code by improving the optimization process. For example:

- Use a more thorough optimization with COBYLA or SLSQP.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust tolerances.
- Use different perturbation strategies and scales.
- Combine different optimization methods more effectively.

Alternatively, the code might benefit from using a different starting point. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, generating a different starting guess by randomizing the initial h.

But the user says to use initial_h_values if available, so we can't change that.

Another idea: the current code evaluates the objective function by taking the max of all shifts. However, maybe for some shifts, the overlap is much larger than others. If we can somehow bias the optimization towards reducing the larger overlaps first, that might help. However, the max is what's being minimized, so the algorithm inherently focuses on that.

In conclusion, the best way to improve upon the previous code is to optimize the existing approach with better parameters, more iterations, and possibly different optimization methods. So I'll adjust the code to include these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.05):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def optimize_with_method(method, x0, **kwargs):
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=x0,
                method=method,
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
            )
            if result.success:
                current_c5 = objective(result.x)
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = result.x
                return True
        except:
            return False
        return False
    
    # Initial optimization with COBYLA
    if optimize_with_method('COBYLA', initial_guess):
        pass
    
    # Initial optimization with SLSQP
    if optimize_with_method('SLSQP', initial_guess):
        pass
    
    # Perturb and optimize with SLSQP
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
        if optimize_with_method('SLSQP', perturbed):
            pass
    
    # Final perturb and optimize with COBYLA
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.05)
        if optimize_with_method('COBYLA', perturbed):
            pass
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```