<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, so I need to get even lower. The previous approach used a SLSQP optimization with perturbations around an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

Let me think about the problem again. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum of the convolution of h and 1-h over different shifts. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], and h(x) ∈ [0,1].

The previous code used a starting point, then iteratively perturbed and optimized. But maybe that approach gets stuck in local minima. Perhaps I need a different optimization strategy. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or another method that can explore more of the search space. But given the time constraints (100 seconds), I need something efficient.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points, say n_points. Maybe using a different number of points could help. But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial solution had 45 points. Maybe trying more points could allow for more precision, but with more computation time. However, the code must run within 100 seconds, so maybe 45 is manageable.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach needs better initialization. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a smarter way to generate initial points. For example, perhaps using a periodic pattern or some structured distribution.

Another idea: the overlap integral is related to the maximum over all shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This feels similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal that has minimal correlation with a shifted version of itself.

Maybe using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that prevents overlaps. But since h is a step function, perhaps constructing it with certain intervals where it's 0 or 1. However, the integral constraint requires that the total area under h is 1. So, balancing between the number of intervals and their lengths.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe switching to a different optimization method could help. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) which might explore the search space more effectively. But implementing a GA from scratch might take time and could be slow. Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be efficient if the objective function is expensive.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to improve the existing code. Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses a scale of 0.1 then 0.05 for perturbations. Maybe adjusting these scales or using a different perturbation strategy would help. Also, the number of iterations and the optimization parameters.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be a local minimum. Trying another initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, using a more optimal initial guess, like a function that's structured to minimize overlap.

Another possible approach is to model the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex, so that might not be feasible. But perhaps using a relaxation. For example, converting the problem into a more tractable form.

Alternatively, perhaps using a pattern that repeats every certain interval. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into several segments and set h to be 1 or 0 in those segments. But ensuring that the integral is 1. For example, if we have a pattern that's symmetric or has certain properties.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized when the function h and 1-h have maximum overlap. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, distributing the '1's and '0's in a way that any shift doesn't align too much with the '1's. For example, maybe using a function that has 1s in regions that are spread out, and 0s elsewhere. But how to formalize this?

Let me think about the existing code. It uses a SLSQP method with bounds and a constraint on the sum. Each optimization step perturbs the current guess and tries to minimize the objective. However, this might not be sufficient to escape local optima. Maybe adding more diversity in the perturbations, or using a different optimization method like Nelder-Mead, or using multiple starting points.

Alternatively, using a more global optimization approach. For example, using a random search with some steps. But I need to manage the time budget. Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different scales for perturbations.

Another thing: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full convolution. But the maximum of these values is what we need to minimize. However, the correlation function's maximum is the overlap integral for different shifts. So, the code is correct in that sense.

Wait, perhaps the problem is that the current initial guess is not optimal, and the perturbations aren't sufficient. Maybe using a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, if the initial_h_values is a known suboptimal solution, maybe generating a different starting point.

But since the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, I can use it directly, so I have to work with that. However, the code may get stuck in a local minimum. To avoid that, perhaps using multiple different starting points or using a different optimization method.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization with perturbations, maybe using a more randomized approach. For example, using a simulated annealing method where the temperature decreases over time, allowing for exploration of the search space. But implementing that may take more code and time.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-start approach with different perturbations. For example, starting from the initial guess and generating several different perturbations, then optimizing each one. But again, this is similar to what the previous code does.

Another possible improvement is to use more efficient code. For example, precomputing the correlation values and using a more efficient optimization method. But the code is already using SLSQP.

Wait, perhaps using a different optimization method, like Basin Hopping, which is a global optimization technique that combines local optimization with random perturbations. The scipy.optimize.basinhopping function could be useful here. This might help in escaping local minima.

But integrating that into the code would require changing the optimization steps. Let me think: the previous code uses a loop that perturbs and optimizes. If I replace that with Basin Hopping, maybe it would explore more effectively. However, Basin Hopping might be computationally expensive. But with the time limit, maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first using a global search method, then local optimization.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence with certain properties. Since h is a step function, perhaps modeling it as a binary sequence (0s and 1s) with a certain length. However, the integral constraint requires that the sum of the h values (times dx) is 1. So, if dx is 2/n_points, then the sum of h should be n_points/2. So, for n_points even, it's possible to have half 1s and half 0s, but for odd n_points, some adjustment is needed.

But if the function is allowed to take values between 0 and 1, maybe a continuous approach is better. But the current code uses a step function, but with h being a vector of values between 0 and 1.

Wait, the initial_h_values is a step function, but with values between 0 and 1. So, the code is working with a continuous function represented by a vector of n_points samples.

Another thought: the current objective function is the maximum of the convolution, which is a non-convex function. Therefore, local minima are likely. So, the optimization is challenging.

To improve upon the previous approach, perhaps using a more global optimization strategy. But given the time, maybe the most effective way is to tweak the existing approach. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the perturbation scales, or using different optimization settings.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial perturbations are done with scale=0.1, then 0.05. Maybe trying a larger initial perturbation could help escape the local minimum. However, the problem is that larger perturbations might lead to infeasible solutions (violating the sum constraint). But the optimization method enforces the constraint through the equality constraint.

Alternatively, maybe adding more diversification in the perturbations. For example, using different scales and different types of perturbations, such as randomly flipping some points, rather than adding Gaussian noise.

Another idea: using a grid search over certain parameters. For example, trying different numbers of points, but the user prefers smaller n_points. However, with the current code using 45 samples, maybe trying a different n_points (like 60) could provide better resolution. But that would require reinitializing the h_values. However, the initial_h_values is given, and it might be for a specific n_points. Assuming that the initial_h_values is for 45 points, but I can't change that.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is that the initial_h_values isn't optimal, so generating a different initial guess could help. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different approach for the optimization. Instead of using SLSQP, using a different method like COBYLA or another constrained optimization method. Let's see: COBYLA is suitable for problems with bounds and equality constraints. Maybe it's more efficient?

But in the previous code, they're using SLSQP, which is also suitable. Maybe switching to COBYLA would have different performance.

Alternatively, considering that the objective function is smooth (since it's based on a convolution), maybe using a gradient-based method like L-BFGS-B or another. But again, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but that would take more time. However, the code has a budget of 100 seconds, and the initial approach uses two loops with 10 iterations each, which is 20 optimizations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using more steps.

But then again, the code might be getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps a better approach is to use multiple different starting points. For example, generating several different initial guesses by randomly perturbing the initial_h_values, then optimizing each one and taking the best.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated perturbation strategy, such as using a combination of local and global perturbations.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap. This is equivalent to ensuring that for every shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. Perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize all overlaps, but since it's a maximization of the maximum, it's challenging.

But given the time and computational constraints, perhaps the best approach is to optimize the existing code. Let's see.

In the previous code, after generating the initial guess, they perform two rounds of perturbations and optimization. The first round uses a larger scale (0.1), and the second uses a smaller scale (0.05). Maybe adjusting the scales or the number of iterations could help.

Alternatively, trying to use a different optimization method for the inner loops. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients and can sometimes escape local minima. However, Nelder-Mead is not constrained, so the constraints would need to be handled differently.

Alternatively, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which can handle bounds. However, the constraint on the sum is an equality constraint. So, it's possible that with the current setup, SLSQP is the best bet.

Another idea: perhaps using a random search approach with some steps. For example, generating many random h vectors that satisfy the sum constraint, then evaluating their C₅ value and taking the best. However, this is computationally expensive, but given the time, maybe feasible for a small number of trials.

But with 45 points, the number of possible combinations is enormous. Even with a simple random search, generating say 1000 points would take time, but within 100 seconds, maybe manageable. However, the current code is already optimizing, so maybe combining the two approaches could be better.

But given that the user wants the code to be concise and the time is limited, perhaps the best way is to tweak the existing approach.

Let me think of possible changes to the previous code:

1. Use a different initial guess (but initial_h_values is given).
2. Use a different optimization method (e.g., Basin Hopping).
3. Adjust the perturbation scales (maybe start with larger perturbations).
4. Increase the number of optimization iterations.
5. Use a more efficient optimization method (e.g., COBYLA).
6. Use multi-start optimization with more starting points.

Implementing Basin Hopping would require modifying the code. Let me consider:

Basin Hopping uses a combination of local optimization and random perturbations. It's designed to escape local minima. Let me see if I can use that.

In scipy, the basinhopping function can be used. However, the function requires a function to minimize, and the parameters can be set. But I need to ensure that the constraints are handled.

However, the current problem has an equality constraint (sum(h) is fixed), so integrating that into basinhopping may be challenging. Basinhopping itself doesn't handle constraints directly, but I can handle the equality constraint by adding a penalty term to the objective function. Alternatively, use a method that can handle constraints, like SLSQP within the Basin Hopping steps. But this might complicate things.

Alternatively, perhaps using SLSQP inside the Basin Hopping steps. However, the Basinhopping would need to generate a new starting point for each iteration, which might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, perhaps using the existing code but with a different optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with a more aggressive tolerance.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters and structure. For example, increasing the number of iterations, using different perturbation scales, and using more iterations in the second phase.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess by using a checkerboard pattern or some structured pattern. For example, dividing the interval into segments where h is 1 for some time and 0 for others, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap. But how to construct such a pattern?

For example, if I divide [0,2] into 5 intervals of equal length. Then, the function h would be 1 for some intervals and 0 for others. But ensuring that the integral is 1. Let's say each interval has length 2/n. If we have k intervals where h is 1, then k*(2/n) = 1, so k = n/2. So for even n, this is possible. For odd n, it's not exact, but approximately.

But the initial_h_values is given for 45 points. So n=45, and sum(h) is 45/2 = 22.5. So, for example, a pattern with 22 intervals of 1 and 23 of 0, but arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

But how to construct such a pattern? For example, alternating 1s and 0s. But with 45 points, it's impossible to have exactly half 1s and half 0s. Maybe using a pattern that repeats every certain number of points, such as a periodic sequence of 1s and 0s.

However, the initial_h_values may not be such a pattern, so it's not clear if this would be better.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence that is optimized for minimal overlap. However, for a continuous function, it's more complex.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (for 0 and 1 values) that has low autocorrelation. This is related to the concept of a Barker sequence, but for a different period. However, Barker sequences have maximum autocorrelation at 0, but the problem here is about minimizing the maximum overlap for any shift, which might be a related concept.

But since the function can take values between 0 and 1, not just binary, perhaps the optimal solution isn't binary. However, the binary solution may provide a good starting point.

In summary, here are possible improvements:

1. Use a different optimization method that's more effective at escaping local minima, like Basin Hopping.
2. Adjust the perturbation scales and number of iterations to explore the search space better.
3. Increase the number of iterations or use a different number of perturbations.
4. Use a different initial guess (but the initial one is given).
5. Try different numbers of points (but the user prefers smaller n_points).
6. Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function, like vectorizing operations.

Since I need to code this within the constraints, let me think about implementing Basin Hopping. However, integrating that into the existing code might require changes. For example, using the basinhopping function and adding a penalty for the sum constraint.

But the basinhopping function requires a function to minimize, and the constraints can be handled by penalizing deviations from the constraint. Alternatively, using a method that can handle constraints.

But since the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints, maybe combining Basin Hopping with SLSQP steps could be helpful.

Alternatively, I can modify the code to use a multi-start approach with a variety of perturbations. For example, generate several different starting points by sampling from a distribution around the initial guess, then optimize each one and select the best.

Let me try to think of implementing this. Let me consider that the previous code used two rounds of perturbations and optimization. Maybe increasing the number of rounds or the number of perturbations per round.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single starting point, generate multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values with different random perturbations, then optimize each one.

For example, generate 10 different perturbations of the initial guess, then run SLSQP on each, and pick the best. This way, perhaps finding a better minimum.

But how to implement that? Let's see. For example, in the previous code, the first loop runs perturbations and optimizations. Instead of doing it in loops, maybe generating a larger number of perturbations and applying optimization to each.

But with the time constraints, maybe the current code is already doing this. The previous code has two rounds: first with 10 perturbations, then 10 more.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps.

Another idea: use a different method for the optimization. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle equality constraints.

Wait, the constraints are: sum(h) = n_points / 2, and 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1. The SLSQP method handles these constraints with the 'eq' constraint. So the current setup is correct.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the correlation for certain shifts and focus the optimization on those. However, the current approach computes the maximum of the entire correlation array, which is correct.

In conclusion, the main changes I can think of are:

- Increase the number of perturbations or optimization steps.
- Use a different optimization method, such as Basin Hopping.
- Adjust the scales of the perturbations and the optimization parameters.
- Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

Since implementing Basin Hopping might be complex and time-consuming, and given the code's existing structure, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by increasing the number of iterations and improving the perturbation strategy.

Let me try adjusting the perturbation scales and the number of iterations. For example, using larger initial perturbations and then smaller ones, and increasing the number of iterations.

But I need to make sure that the code runs within the time budget. Let me consider changing the code to:

- Use more iterations in the loops.
- Change the perturbation scales.
- Use a different method or parameters for the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, like the 'COBYLA' method which can handle bounds and equality constraints.

Let me write the code, making these adjustments. For example, changing the method to 'COBYLA' and adjusting the perturbation scales.

But to keep the code concise, I'll need to make these modifications.

Another adjustment: the previous code uses a scale of 0.1 and then 0.05. Maybe using a larger scale initially to explore more of the search space, and then reducing it.

Additionally, increasing the number of iterations in the loops. For example, increasing the loop runs from 10 to 20.

But I need to make sure that the code doesn't take too long. For example, if each optimization takes 1 second, doing 20 iterations would take 20 seconds, which is within the budget.

Another idea: in the first loop, use a larger perturbation (scale=0.2), then in the second loop use scale=0.05. This could help explore more.

Alternatively, using a random walk approach where the perturbations are more randomized.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to increase the number of iterations and adjust the scales.

So, here's the plan:

- Keep the same structure but increase the number of perturbations in each loop.
- Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA.
- Adjust the perturbation scales.

But given that I can't be sure, perhaps the best way is to proceed with adjusting the existing code. For example, increasing the number of iterations and changing the perturbation scales.

In the previous code, the loops ran 10 times each. Let's increase that to 20 times each, with different scales.

Another thing: in the previous code, the first loop uses scale=0.1, then the second uses scale=0.05. Maybe increasing to 0.15 and 0.03, or other values.

But the code needs to be concise, so I'll adjust the code accordingly.

Also, using a more efficient optimization method, such as COBYLA, which may converge faster.

But now, I need to write the code reflecting these changes.

Another consideration: the previous code uses the SLSQP method with 'eq' constraint for the sum. COBYLA also handles bounds and equality constraints.

So, modifying the code to use COBYLA may help.

But I need to test this idea.

In conclusion, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate perturbations with different scales.
- Use the COBYLA method for optimization.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Adjust the optimization parameters.

Let me proceed to code this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.15):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.15)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 30:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.05)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```