<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The user provided a previous program that uses a starting point and applies SLSQP optimization with some perturbations. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, compute this integral and take the maximum. The minimal such maximum is the C₅ we want to bound.

The previous approach uses a starting point and then does some optimization, but maybe it's getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps a different optimization method or a different initial guess could help. Also, the user mentioned that the current program's bound is 0.381142, which is higher than the target. So I need to find a way to get lower.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a different optimization technique, maybe a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, these might not be efficient enough. Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated local optimization with more careful tuning of parameters.

Another approach is to consider the structure of the optimal function h. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has some symmetry or periodicity. For example, maybe a piecewise constant function with specific intervals where h is 0 or 1, arranged in a way that balances the overlaps.

But how to translate that into a practical optimization? Maybe start with a more structured initial guess. The previous initial guess is a 45-point vector. Perhaps I can create a different initial guess by using a better construction. For instance, partitioning the interval [0,2] into regions where h is either 0 or 1, but with some overlapping regions to balance the integrals.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach where we iteratively adjust the h values to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that efficiently?

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP optimization, but maybe using a different method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead could be better, especially if the problem has constraints. But I need to check the available solvers in scipy.optimize. The user allows using scipy, numpy, and other solvers like CVXOPT, GLOP, etc. Wait, the user mentioned that the code can use cvxpy with various solvers. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem could help, but the problem isn't convex. However, perhaps using a disciplined convex programming approach or approximating it.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. Since we can't directly minimize the maximum, maybe formulate it as a minimax problem. But that's non-convex and challenging. So perhaps using a different approach, like using a penalty method where we penalize large values of the overlap integrals.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum value, perhaps we can use a binary search approach. For example, set a target value for C₅ and try to find a function h such that all overlaps are below that target. However, this requires checking feasibility, which might be another optimization problem. But how to implement that efficiently within the time budget?

Another idea: given that the initial guess is available, perhaps trying to perturb it in a more structured way. For example, instead of adding random noise, trying to adjust specific intervals where the overlap might be high. But how to identify those regions? Maybe by analyzing the current overlap integral and focusing on the shifts that contribute the most.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method with better convergence properties. For example, using the basin-hopping algorithm, which combines local optimization with random perturbations to escape local minima. Scipy's optimize module has basin_hopping, which could be an alternative to the current approach.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimization method. If I switch to basin_hopping, which can explore the search space more thoroughly, perhaps we can find a better solution. However, basin_hopping might take longer to run, but given the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

Another consideration is the number of function evaluations. The previous approach does two phases of optimization, first with larger perturbations and then smaller ones. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation scales could help.

Also, the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2 is a linear constraint. The problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, which are nonlinear functions of h. So the objective function is non-convex, and the optimization is challenging.

Wait, maybe using a different initial guess. The user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it. But maybe the initial guess isn't the best. For example, the initial construction might not be optimal. But since we can't generate a new initial guess from scratch (due to the constraints of not using long literals), perhaps using a different method to generate the initial guess. For instance, creating a step function that evenly distributes mass to minimize overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier series approach, where the function h is represented as a periodic function, and the optimization is done in the frequency domain. But this might complicate the problem.

Another idea: the overlap integrals can be related to the convolution of h with (1-h). The maximum value of this convolution is the C₅. So, perhaps optimizing to minimize the maximum value of the convolution. However, the convolution is over the real line, but since the function is periodic or defined on [0,2], the exact computation depends on the shifts. 

But maybe there's a way to model this as a convolution and use some properties of convolutions. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, since the problem involves overlapping integrals, perhaps using a greedy algorithm where we adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap at each step. For example, identify the shift k that currently has the highest overlap and adjust h to reduce it. But how to implement this in practice?

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations, but maybe a more dynamic approach where after each optimization step, the perturbation is adjusted based on the current solution. For example, if the solution is improving, reduce the perturbation scale, or if it's stuck, increase it.

Wait, the current code does two rounds of optimization: first with a scale of 0.1, then with a scale of 0.05. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in each round, or using more detailed perturbations could help.

Alternatively, using different optimization methods. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations. However, given the time budget, this might not be efficient. But maybe with a small population and a few generations, it could be feasible.

Another angle: the problem has symmetries. Since the interval is [0,2], perhaps the optimal h is symmetric around the midpoint. So, maybe imposing symmetry constraints on the initial guess could help. For example, ensuring that h is symmetric around 1.0. This would reduce the search space and might lead to better results.

Let me think about the constraints. If the function h is symmetric around 1.0, then h(x) = h(2 - x). This could simplify the problem, as the function would have mirrored values. However, the initial guess may not be symmetric. So modifying the initial guess to be symmetric could be beneficial.

But how to enforce symmetry in the optimization. Well, during the optimization, we can generate h such that h[i] = h[n_points - 1 - i]. This would make the function symmetric. However, this might not be the optimal approach, but it's worth trying.

So, integrating this into the code. For example, during the initial guess setup, create a symmetric h. Then, during the optimization, ensure that the perturbations maintain this symmetry. This would reduce the degrees of freedom and potentially lead to better solutions.

Another possibility is to use a more efficient method for evaluating the overlap integral. For example, precomputing the shifts and using fast convolution techniques. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already efficient.

Another idea: since the integral is over the entire interval, and the function h is piecewise constant, the integral can be computed by summing over the intervals where h is constant. However, the current code uses the numpy.correlate function, which might not be the most efficient way, but for the given n_points (like 45), it's acceptable.

Now, considering the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess, then does several perturbations and optimizes. But maybe adding more iterations or using a better optimization method could help.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial guess and several randomly perturbed versions, then selecting the best solution. But again, within the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another thought: the problem's constraints are that the integral of h is 1, which for n_points samples implies sum(h) = n_points / 2. The current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe using a different optimization library like cvxpy could be beneficial. However, the user allows using cvxpy, so perhaps formulating the problem in a way that can exploit convex optimization.

But the problem is non-convex: the objective is to minimize the maximum of several terms, which is not convex. However, perhaps using a relaxation. For example, assuming that the maximum is achieved at certain shifts and solving a convex problem for those shifts. However, this is uncertain.

Alternatively, using a semidefinite programming approach. But this might be complex.

Alternatively, using stochastic optimization, like simulated annealing. Scipy has a simulated annealing method in the optimize module. Let me check: yes, scipy.optimize has basinhopping and differential_evolution, which could be alternatives.

The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Using a global optimizer like differential_evolution might find better solutions but could be slower. However, given the time budget, maybe it's feasible.

So, maybe replacing the SLSQP with differential_evolution could lead to better results. Let me think. Differential evolution is a population-based optimization method that can explore the search space more thoroughly, potentially avoiding local minima.

But how to implement that. For example, using scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with the objective function. However, the constraints are sum(h) = n_points / 2, which is a linear equality constraint. The differential evolution method in scipy can handle bounds but not equality constraints directly. So, we need to incorporate the constraint.

One way to handle equality constraints is to use a penalty method. Modify the objective function to include a penalty term for violating the sum constraint. For example, the objective function is the maximum of the overlap integrals plus a large penalty term if the sum is not equal to target_sum. However, the penalty term can be adjusted to enforce the constraint.

Alternatively, using a constrained optimization method within differential_evolution. But I'm not sure if that's possible. So perhaps using the SLSQP method for local optimization but using a different starting point.

Alternatively, maybe combining differential evolution with SLSQP. For example, use differential evolution to find a good starting point, then perform SLSQP optimization from there.

But considering the time constraints, maybe using differential evolution with the constraints handled via penalty functions.

So, adjusting the code to use differential_evolution instead of SLSQP. However, the differential evolution may need a lot of function evaluations, which could make it slow. However, given the time budget, it might be worth trying.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in the optimization steps could help. But the time budget is 100 seconds, so need to manage the runtime.

Alternatively, trying to use multiple restarts from different initial points. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and several perturbed versions, then selecting the best solution.

But how to generate those perturbed versions. For example, the previous code generates perturbations with normal noise. Maybe using a different noise distribution or varying the scale.

Another idea: the overlap integral depends on shifts k. For the integral to be small, h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) should be small for all k. So, for any x, h(x) and h(x + k) should not be both high. This suggests that h should not have regions where it is high and then again high after a shift. Thus, the optimal h would have a certain spread, avoiding overlapping high regions when shifted.

So, perhaps using a function that is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, arranged in a way that the shifts do not overlap. For example, a periodic function with certain periods. But for the interval [0,2], how to design such a function?

For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length t and 0 on intervals of length t, arranged periodically. However, the integral over [0,2] must be 1. Let me calculate. Suppose the period is 2, and the function is 1 for length a and 0 for length b, with a + b = 2. Then the integral over [0,2] is a. So, setting a = 1, so the function is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half. But then, shifting by k, the overlap would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). For example, if the function is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], then for shifts k in [0,1], the overlap might be higher. So perhaps this is not optimal.

But maybe a more complicated structure, like multiple regions where h is 1 and 0, arranged in a way that minimizes overlaps. For example, a function that has many small intervals where h is 1, spaced out so that when shifted, they don't overlap.

But designing such a function manually is difficult. So perhaps the optimization should handle this.

Alternatively, the initial guess provided by initial_h_values may already be a good candidate. If I can fine-tune it with better optimization, perhaps that's the way to go.

Considering all that, perhaps modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method like differential_evolution, or increasing the number of iterations, or using a better initial perturbation strategy.

So, to implement this, I need to adjust the code. Let me think about the steps:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Use a different optimization method, like differential_evolution, which can handle the problem's constraints via a penalty function.
3. Alternatively, use a combination of methods, like first using differential_evolution to find a good solution, then using SLSQP for local refinement.

But how to handle the constraint sum(h) = target_sum in differential_evolution. One approach is to add a penalty term to the objective function. For example, the objective is the maximum overlap integral + λ * (sum(h) - target_sum)^2, where λ is a large penalty coefficient. Then, the penalty term will push the solution towards satisfying the constraint.

So, modifying the objective function to include this penalty term. Then, during optimization, the solver will try to minimize this penalized objective.

But in the current code, the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. Adding a penalty for the sum constraint would make the problem more complex, but it might be feasible.

Another approach is to use a constrained optimization method that can handle equality constraints. The differential_evolution method in scipy does not directly support constraints, but we can use the SLSQP method with constraints. However, the previous code already uses SLSQP.

So, perhaps the previous approach is better, but with some adjustments.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a constraint on the sum. Maybe the optimization can be improved by adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations, or using a better initial guess.

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess that's better than the initial_h_values. For example, generating a different initial vector that is more structured. But since I can't use long literals, I need to create it algorithmically.

For example, create a function that alternates between 1 and 0, but with some spacing. For instance, if the function has 1s in certain positions and 0s in others, such that the sum is 1. For example, for n_points = 45, the sum needs to be 45/2 = 22.5. So, if I have a pattern like 1,0,1,0,... but adjusting the number of 1s to reach the sum. However, this would not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps modifying it is better. But the problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I can't modify it but can use it as the starting point.

So, perhaps the current code is the way to go, but with some improvements. Let me think about possible changes:

- Increase the number of perturbations. For example, instead of 10 iterations with scale 0.1 and then 10 with 0.05, maybe more iterations or different scales.
- Use a different optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with more options, or switching to a different solver like COBYLA.
- Adjust the parameters of the optimization, such as the 'ftol' and 'eps' to get better convergence.
- Try different initial guesses by generating multiple variants and selecting the best.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random perturbations, use a more systematic approach. For example, for each iteration, select the worst-case shift and adjust the h values to reduce that particular overlap. This would be a greedy approach, but how to implement it.

Alternatively, for the given h, compute the maximum overlap integral and then adjust the parameters to reduce that.

But integrating this into the code would require more complex logic. For example, for each iteration, identify which shift k has the highest overlap integral, and then perform a local optimization to reduce that specific integral. However, this might not be feasible in the given time.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (two phases: 10 each). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation scale could help. For example, using a larger scale initially to explore the space, then smaller scales to refine.

Alternatively, after each optimization step, check if the solution is improving and if so, continue; otherwise, adjust the perturbation size.

But the code as written already does this. So perhaps the problem is that the optimization isn't sufficiently exploring the space or isn't finding the right local minima.

Another possibility is to use a different constraint. The previous code uses a single constraint (sum(h) = target_sum), but maybe there are other constraints that could be incorporated, but I'm not sure.

Another approach is to use multiple seed values for the random number generator to avoid getting stuck in the same local minima. However, this might not be feasible in the given time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for each perturbation. For example, using a different method like Nelder-Mead, which is less dependent on initial guesses.

But again, the previous code uses SLSQP which is a local optimizer.

At this point, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to adjust the hyperparameters, use a different optimization method, or explore more thoroughly the search space.

Let me think about the specifics. The previous code has two loops: first with scale 0.1, then with 0.05. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in each loop or adding more scales could help. For example, adding a third loop with a smaller scale.

Alternatively, trying to use Bayesian optimization, which can be more efficient in finding the optimal parameters. However, scipy doesn't have a built-in Bayesian optimization, but there are third-party packages. However, given the constraints, it's not allowed to use external packages.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precomputing the necessary shifts and using vectorized operations to speed up the calculation. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already efficient.

So perhaps the main issue is the optimization method and the hyperparameters. Let me try to adjust the code to use a different optimization method, like differential_evolution, and see if that helps.

Wait, the differential_evolution method in scipy.optimize requires the bounds to be set and can handle the constraints via a penalty function. Let me think about how to implement that.

The objective function would be the maximum overlap integral plus a penalty for deviating from the sum constraint. For example:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr) * dx
    # penalty for sum constraint
    penalty = 1e4 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
    return max_corr + penalty

Then, use differential_evolution with this objective function and bounds on each h[i]. However, this is a bit hacky, as the penalty term might not be sufficient to enforce the constraint, but it's a way to incorporate it.

But the differential_evolution might take longer to run, but given the time budget, let's see. However, differential_evolution is a global optimizer, so it might find a better solution than the previous local optimizer.

Alternatively, use a combination of differential_evolution and SLSQP. For example, first run differential_evolution to get a good initial guess, then run SLSQP to refine.

So, implementing this in the code. Let me outline the steps:

1. Use differential_evolution to find a good initial solution, enforcing the sum constraint with a penalty.
2. Then, use SLSQP from that solution to refine.

But how to implement this within the time budget. Let me think.

The code could start by running differential_evolution for a few generations, then proceed with SLSQP. However, this requires integrating both methods.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code can be adjusted by using differential_evolution with the penalty function and see if it yields better results.

But I need to test this idea. However, since I can't run code here, I'll have to think about how to code it.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the same initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses and select the best one. For example, generate several different initial vectors by varying the starting point, and then optimize each with the same method. This could help escape local minima.

But generating multiple initial vectors might take more time, but given the 100-second budget, it might be feasible.

So, integrating this into the code: for example, generate multiple initial guesses (like a few perturbations of the initial_h_values) and optimize each one with the SLSQP method, then select the best among them.

This is what the previous code does, but perhaps with more iterations or different perturbation scales.

In summary, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform multiple perturbations, each time optimizing with SLSQP to find a better solution.
- Adjust the perturbation scales and the number of iterations to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Possibly use a different optimization method like differential_evolution.

Now, to implement this in code.

The previous code uses two phases of optimization with scales 0.1 and 0.05. Maybe increasing the number of iterations in each phase could help. Also, trying different scales, like 0.1, 0.05, 0.01, etc., in decreasing order.

But I need to fit this into the time budget.

Another idea: use a more efficient local optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is more suitable for problems with constraints.

Another possible adjustment is to increase the tolerance parameters. For example, setting 'ftol' and 'eps' to smaller values to achieve better convergence.

But how to modify the previous code to incorporate these changes.

In the previous code, the optimization has:

options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}

Increasing maxiter or adjusting ftol and eps could help. However, the current code's 'maxiter' is 100. Maybe increasing this to 200 or 500 could help, but it's a trade-off between computational time and convergence.

Another thing to consider: the initial guess might be very close to the optimal, and small perturbations could be sufficient. But the previous code's initial guess is not the best. So, perhaps using a different initial guess generated by a better method.

But without access to the initial_h_values' structure, it's hard to say. However, the user mentions that the initial_h_values is provided when available, so the code should use it directly.

Given all these considerations, I'll proceed to adjust the previous code by:

- Using a different optimization method like differential_evolution.
- Using a penalty function to handle the sum constraint.
- Increasing the number of iterations.
- Trying different perturbation scales and more iterations.

But given the time constraints, I'll focus on modifying the existing code to use differential_evolution with a penalty function and see if that improves the result.

However, implementing differential_evolution in the code requires changing the optimization steps.

Alternatively, try to use SLSQP with more iterations and better parameter tuning.

Another possible change is to adjust the perturbation scale. For example, in the first phase, use a larger scale to explore, then smaller scales to refine.

In the previous code, the first phase uses scale 0.1, then 0.05. Maybe adding a third phase with scale 0.01.

In code, this would look like:

for _ in range(15):
    if time exceeded:
        break
    perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
    optimize...

Then for _ in range(15), scale=0.05, and so on.

But this could take more time.

Alternatively, using a different approach for the initial guess. For example, create a more structured initial guess by dividing the interval into segments where the function is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But how to do this algorithmically. For example, divide [0,2] into 4 equal parts, and assign the function to be 1 in two of them to achieve the sum 1. Then, this would be a simple function that might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

But since I can't use long literals, I need to generate this algorithmically. For example, if n_points is even, split the points into segments and assign 1s in certain positions.

But without knowing the exact n_points, it's hard to say. However, the code uses the initial_h_values which may have already such a structure.

At this point, given the time, I think the best approach is to modify the existing code by tuning the hyperparameters, increasing the number of iterations, and possibly switching the optimization method. Let's proceed with that.

I'll adjust the code to use more iterations in the optimization steps, increase the perturbation scales, and possibly use a different optimization method like COBYLA.

But since I can't be sure, I'll try to implement the previous approach with better parameters.

Another idea is to use the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) method with better settings. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations, decreasing the tolerance, and possibly using a better initial guess.

In the previous code, the 'ftol' and 'eps' are set to 1e-11 and 1e-9, respectively. Maybe increasing 'maxiter' could help. For example, changing 'maxiter' from 100 to 200 or 500, but I have to be careful about time.

Alternatively, use the MMA (Method of Moving Asymptotes) algorithm, which is suitable for problems with constraints. However, scipy does not have an implementation of MMA.

Given all this, I think the best approach is to stick with the SLSQP method but with more iterations and better tuning.

So, adjusting the code as follows:

- Increase the number of optimization iterations.
- Use a smaller perturbation scale in the later steps.
- Possibly increase the number of phases.

But the previous code already has two phases. Let me check the code again.

The previous code has two loops, each with 10 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations to 20 in each loop.

Alternatively, using the same number of iterations but with smaller scales.

Another change: the 'generate_perturbation' function uses a normal distribution with scale=0.1 and then 0.05. Maybe using a different distribution, like uniform or something else, to get different perturbations.

But I'll proceed with the same approach.

So, modifying the code to have more iterations, per the following:

In the first loop, run for more iterations, say 20, and then in the second loop, run for more.

Alternatively, change the code to use a different method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and equality constraints.

The COBYLA method in scipy.optimize is suitable for problems with bounds and constraints. Let me think: yes, COBYLA can handle equality constraints.

So, changing the optimization method from SLSQP to COBYLA might be better.

Let me try to adjust the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

So, modifying the code as follows:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed,
    method='COBYLA',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

But I need to check if COBYLA is available. Yes, it is a method in scipy.optimize.

Using COBYLA could potentially handle the constraints more effectively, especially since the problem has bounds and a single equality constraint.

So, this might lead to better results.

Another possible adjustment: increasing the 'maxiter' to 200 for each optimization step.

With these changes, the code might find a better solution.

Also, in the current code, the first perturbation uses scale=0.1 and the second scale=0.05. Maybe adjusting these scales to 0.15 and 0.03, for example.

But without testing, it's hard to say.

So, putting it all together, the code would be adjusted to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, and possibly with more iterations.

The final code would involve modifying the optimization method and parameters.

In conclusion, the plan is to update the code to use COBYLA with optimization, increase the number of iterations, and adjust the perturbation scales for better exploration.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_perturbation(h, scale=0.05):
        return np.clip(h + np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points), 0, 1)
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        perturbed = generate_perturbation(best_h, scale=0.05)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```