<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used SLSQP optimization with some initial guesses and perturbations, but it didn't reach the target. So I need to think of a better approach.

First, I should analyze the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. But perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough, leading to local optima. Also, the perturbation phase might not be effective enough.

Hmm. The previous code starts with initial_h_values (n=100) and adds some structured binary guesses and random ones. Maybe the initial guesses could be more varied. Also, the optimization might be getting stuck in local minima. So maybe a different optimization approach or a different parameterization would help.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, perhaps a better way to model this is to consider that for each shift k, we want to minimize the integral. But since it's a max over k, we need to balance all possible shifts.

Wait, the previous approach uses a step function h, and the integral is computed via convolution. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation. But maybe there's a way to model this more effectively, like using Fourier transforms? But that might complicate things.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method would help escape local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. But given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps a hybrid approach could work.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous program's best was 0.380965, which is slightly worse than the current record. So maybe the initial guesses are not sufficient. Let's think about how to generate better initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of using random guesses, maybe use a more structured approach. For example, using a piecewise constant function with more segments. But the problem requires a step function, which is already a piecewise constant function. However, the previous code uses n=100 points, which might not be enough. Maybe increasing n_points could help, but the user prefers smaller sequences. Wait, the problem says smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe n=100 is acceptable, but perhaps trying different n_points?

Wait, the initial_h_values is given with n=100. The previous code uses that. But maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, the user's code uses n_points as len(initial_guess), which is 100. So perhaps changing n_points is an option. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe keeping n=100 is better.

Another observation: the previous code uses a perturbation phase where it adds noise and then optimizes. But maybe the perturbations are too small or not varied enough. Perhaps using different perturbation strategies, like varying the shift or using different noise patterns.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization. However, those are more complex to implement and might not be as efficient as SLSQP. But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method with better convergence.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help. But the user's code already has a ftol of 1e-9, which is quite tight. Maybe that's not the issue.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. So perhaps the current approach is optimizing for each individual k, but the maximum over all k is the objective. Maybe there's a way to model this as a minimax problem. However, the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is correct.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation at all possible lags. The maximum of this is the value we need to minimize. So the code is correct in that aspect.

Another possible issue: the initial guesses. The previous code adds structured binary guesses with shifts. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using a more complex tiling or using a different pattern than just binary. For example, using a sinusoidal-like pattern or a more complex step function.

Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, maybe using a Fourier series representation. But that might complicate the constraints.

Wait, the constraints are that the integral of h is 1. So the sum of h is n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this with an equality constraint. That's correct.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a gradient-based method with better initial points. Or using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach to the problem. For example, considering that the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of these integrals over k. But I'm not sure if that helps directly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a variational approach. But that might be too abstract for numerical optimization.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns like binary, ternary, or other structured functions. Or using a more systematic way to generate initial guesses.

Wait, the current initial guesses include structured binary patterns with shifts. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using multiple shifts or different periodic patterns. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but shifted in a way that covers different positions.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more complex initial guess based on known optimal solutions for smaller cases. But since this is for C₅, which is the 5th case, maybe there's existing literature, but I'm not sure.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a perturbation phase where it adds noise and then optimizes. However, maybe the perturbations should be more significant. For example, using larger noise scales initially and decreasing them over time. Or using different types of perturbations, like flipping certain segments of the function.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more initial guesses. But the previous code already has several initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation. In communications, this is related to pulse shaping. Maybe using a known low autocorrelation sequence, like a Barker code, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences with low autocorrelation, but they might not directly apply here.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. For a binary function, this would be similar to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation. Barker codes have the property that their autocorrelation is minimal, but they are binary. However, the integral constraint here is that the area under h is 1, which for a binary function would mean that the number of 1s is n_points / 2. For example, if n_points is 100, then 50 ones. So perhaps using a Barker code-like pattern with 50 ones and 50 zeros, arranged to minimize cross-correlation. But I'm not sure if such a code exists for length 100.

Alternatively, maybe using a more complex pattern that is not strictly binary. For example, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but with more segments. However, the previous code uses a step function with n_points samples, which is already piecewise constant.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart to minimize overlap with shifted versions. But how to model this?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, maybe the optimal h is designed to have minimal overlap with shifts that are most problematic. For example, shifts of 0.5, 1.0, etc. So perhaps focusing on those shifts during optimization.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? Maybe by adding constraints that the integral for certain shifts is below a certain threshold. However, that would complicate the optimization problem.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for each optimization. Maybe increasing the maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help, but that might take more time. However, the time budget is tight, so perhaps not.

Wait, the previous code has a perturbation phase with 150 iterations, each with a decreasing noise scale. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise scale differently could help. For example, using larger noise initially to explore more of the space, then smaller noise to fine-tune.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like randomly flipping certain segments of the function rather than adding noise. For example, selecting a random subset of points and adjusting them to increase diversity.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the perturbations, but that might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. But I'm not sure if that would help.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. Maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT, which is more efficient for large problems. However, the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize, which might not have access to IPOPT unless it's installed. But the user mentioned that they can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with various solvers. So maybe switching to a different solver could help.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution could help escape local minima. However, differential evolution is more computationally intensive. Let me think: for each initial guess, using differential evolution might take longer, but perhaps with fewer initial guesses, it could be feasible within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: using SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global exploration. But that would complicate the code.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same n_points (100) for all initial guesses. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a smaller n_points (like 50) might allow for more efficient optimization, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, the initial_h_values is given with n=100, so perhaps sticking to that is better.

Wait, the user's problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So n=100 is acceptable. Maybe trying n=50 or n=25 could be faster, but the initial_h_values is for n=100. So perhaps the initial code is already using the best n_points.

Another idea: the previous code's objective function computes the max of the cross-correlation. But perhaps there's a way to approximate this max more efficiently. For example, using a surrogate model or approximating the max with a different metric. However, that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, instead of using the full cross-correlation, maybe precompute the shifts that are most critical and focus on those. But again, not sure.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's performance. The current best is 0.380965, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876. To improve this, perhaps the code needs to explore more diverse initial guesses and use more effective optimization.

So, what can be changed in the code? Let's consider:

1. Generating more diverse initial guesses. The previous code adds structured binary guesses and random ones. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using multiple shifts or different periodic functions.

2. Using a different optimization method. For example, using a global optimizer for the initial guesses and then local optimization.

3. Improving the perturbation phase. Maybe using larger perturbations initially and then fine-tuning.

4. Adjusting the parameters of the optimization, like increasing maxiter or changing the tolerance.

Let me think about generating more initial guesses. For example, instead of just binary patterns with shifts, maybe using ternary or other patterns. Or using a more complex structured function, like a sine wave modulated to be in [0,1].

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with different offsets. For example, a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5), [1.0, 1.5), etc., but with varying shifts.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart by more than 0.5, to minimize overlap. But how to model that?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with different starting points. For example, for n=100, dx=0.02. So intervals of 25 points (0.5 units). But how to arrange them to minimize overlap?

Wait, for a shift of 0.5, the overlap would be the integral of h(x)h(x + 0.5). If h is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, then for a shift of 0.5, the overlap would be the integral over the overlapping regions. So if the intervals are spaced such that they don't overlap when shifted by 0.5, then the overlap would be zero. But that's impossible because the total area is 1. For example, if you have intervals of length 0.5, spaced 0.5 apart, then the total length would be 1.0, which would require 2 intervals. But for n=100, you need 50 intervals of length 0.5. So they would overlap when shifted by 0.5.

Hmm. Maybe this approach isn't feasible. So perhaps the structured binary patterns are not sufficient.

Another thought: maybe using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, but with more complex patterns. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are not aligned with the shifts that are most problematic.

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on intervals of varying lengths, but that complicates the optimization.

Back to the code. Let's think about how to modify it. Maybe the initial guesses could be generated with more structured patterns. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with different offsets. Let's say for each initial guess, we create a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but shifted by different amounts. For example, for a shift of 0.25, the intervals would be [0, 0.5), [0.5, 1.0), etc., but shifted by 0.25, leading to [0.25, 0.75), [0.75, 1.25), etc. This would create a pattern that is 1 on overlapping intervals when shifted by 0.5, leading to higher overlap. But maybe this is not helpful.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with a different pattern, such as a checkerboard pattern. For example, alternating 1 and 0 intervals. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with a different starting point for each interval. For example, for n=100, dx=0.02, so intervals of 25 points. If we start at 0, 0.5, 1.0, etc., but that would lead to overlapping when shifted by 0.5.

Hmm. Maybe this isn't helpful. So perhaps the initial guesses are not the main issue. Let's think about the optimization process.

The previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial guesses and then local optimization.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might be time-consuming. However, given the time budget, perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a different solver for the optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method with different settings, or using the COBYLA method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with ftol=1e-9. Maybe increasing the ftol to a higher value, like 1e-6, could allow for faster convergence, but might not find the optimal solution. However, with the time budget, this could be a trade-off.

Another idea: the previous code's perturbation phase uses a decreasing noise scale. Maybe using a different noise scale strategy, like larger noise initially and then decreasing. Or using different types of perturbations, like flipping certain segments.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate perturbations. For example, instead of adding random noise, randomly selecting a subset of points and adjusting them to increase diversity.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same n_points for all initial guesses. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using n=50 or n=25. However, the initial_h_values is given with n=100, so perhaps the code should stick to that.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using n=50 or n=25 could be better. But the initial_h_values is for n=100. However, the problem allows for starting from the initial_h_values, which is for n=100. So perhaps trying n=100 is better.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function computes the max of the cross-correlation. But perhaps there's a way to approximate this max more efficiently. For example, using a surrogate model or approximating the max with a different metric. However, I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, using the full cross-correlation and then taking the maximum. The current code does that correctly.

Hmm. Let's think about the previous code's performance. The best result was 0.380965, which is slightly above the target. To improve this, perhaps the code needs to explore more diverse initial guesses and use more effective optimization.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses. For example, adding more structured patterns. Let's think of generating initial guesses with different patterns:

1. Binary patterns with different shifts.
2. Ternary patterns (values 0, 1, or something else).
3. Patterns based on sine waves or other functions.
4. Patterns that are more spread out.

But how to generate these? For example, a sine wave could be sampled and then clipped to [0,1]. Or a triangular wave.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with different offsets. For example, for each initial guess, create a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but shifted by a random amount. This could create more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with varying starting points. For example, for n=100, dx=0.02. So intervals of 25 points. If the starting points are randomized, this could create different patterns.

But how to implement this? For example, for each initial guess, create a function where h[i] is 1 if the interval containing x_i is part of a set of non-overlapping intervals. Wait, but that would require the total area to be 1. For example, if you have intervals of length 0.5, spaced 0.5 apart, then the total area would be 1.0. But for n=100, this would require 2 intervals. However, the total area is 1.0, so for n=100, the sum would be 50. So perhaps using multiple intervals.

Alternatively, creating a function that is 1 on multiple intervals, each of length 0.5, but spaced in a way to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, placing intervals as far apart as possible.

But this is getting complex. Maybe the previous code's initial guesses are sufficient, but the optimization could be improved.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the differential evolution method for the initial guesses, which is a global optimizer. This could help find better initial points.

But implementing differential evolution would require changing the optimization method. Let's think about how to do that.

In scipy.optimize, the differential evolution method is available. So, for each initial guess, instead of using SLSQP, use differential evolution. However, differential evolution is more suitable for problems without constraints, but we have an equality constraint (sum(h) = target_sum). So, perhaps we can use a constrained version of differential evolution, or adjust the objective function to include the constraint.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method, where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the sum constraint. However, this might be less efficient.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using differential evolution for the initial guesses could help find better starting points.

Another possibility: using a combination of methods. For example, using differential evolution for the initial guesses and then SLSQP for local optimization.

But this would complicate the code. However, given that the previous code's best result is slightly above the target, perhaps this is a viable approach.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution for the initial guesses. Let's outline the changes:

1. For each initial guess, use differential evolution to optimize the objective function, with a penalty for the sum constraint.

But how to implement this? The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize.differential_evolution allows for bounds and can handle constraints via the bounds and the objective function.

Wait, the sum constraint is an equality constraint. To handle this, we can include it as a penalty in the objective function. For example, the objective function could be the original objective plus a large penalty term if the sum is not equal to the target.

However, this approach might not be as effective as using an equality constraint. But given the time, perhaps this is a way to proceed.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method for the initial guesses, but with more iterations or different settings.

Another idea: increasing the number of initial guesses. The previous code has a few initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a Latin hypercube sampling or other methods to generate diverse initial points.

But again, this would require more code.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses, like differential evolution, and see if that helps find better solutions.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding noise, randomly flipping certain segments of the function.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (150). Maybe increasing this number could help, but it would take more time. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precomputing the shifts that are most critical and focusing on those.

But I'm not sure.

Another thought: the previous code computes the cross-correlation using np.correlate. However, this might not be the most efficient way. Perhaps using FFT-based convolution could be faster, but for small n_points (like 100), it's negligible.

In conclusion, the main issues seem to be:

1. The initial guesses may not be diverse enough, leading to local optima.
2. The optimization method may not be effective enough for the problem's landscape.

To address these, I'll modify the code to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using differential evolution for the initial guesses and then SLSQP for local optimization.

But how to implement this? Let's outline the steps:

- Generate more initial guesses, including structured patterns and random ones.
- For each initial guess, use differential evolution to optimize the objective function, with a penalty for the sum constraint.
- After finding a good initial guess, use SLSQP for local optimization.
- Perform perturbations with larger noise initially and then decrease.

However, implementing differential evolution would require changing the optimization method. Let's proceed with this approach.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to stick with SLSQP but improve the initial guesses and perturbation strategy.

Another idea: the previous code's perturbation phase uses a decreasing noise scale. Maybe using a larger noise scale initially and then decreasing it could help explore more of the search space.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like randomly selecting a subset of points and adjusting them to increase diversity.

In the end, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. However, given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to include more structured initial guesses and adjust the perturbation strategy.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate more initial guesses with different structured patterns, such as binary patterns with different shifts, ternary patterns, or other structured functions.
2. Use SLSQP for optimization with more iterations or tighter tolerances.
3. Improve the perturbation phase by using larger initial noise and varying the perturbation strategy.

Now, implementing this in code.

For the initial guesses, adding more structured patterns. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with different offsets. For example, for each initial guess, create a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but shifted by a random amount. This could create more diverse initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with different starting points. For example, for n=100, dx=0.02. So intervals of 25 points. If we start at 0, 0.5, 1.0, etc., but that would lead to overlapping intervals when shifted by 0.5.

But perhaps this is not helpful. Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with varying starting points to minimize overlap.

Another idea: using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, but with a random offset. For example, for each initial guess, generate a random offset and create intervals of length 0.5 starting at that offset. This would create a more diverse initial guess.

But how to implement this? For example:

for shift in np.random.uniform(0, 1, 5):
    h = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if (i * dx >= shift and i * dx < shift + 0.5) or (i * dx >= shift + 1.0 and i * dx < shift + 1.5):
            h[i] = 1.0
    initial_guesses.append(h)

This would generate initial guesses with different random shifts, creating more diversity.

So, adding more structured initial guesses with random shifts.

Another idea: adding initial guesses based on a sine wave. For example, h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(2πx / 1.0), clipped to [0, 1]. This would create a smooth function that might have lower overlap.

But how to sample this? For example:

h = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * x / 1.0)
h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)

But x is the position in [0, 2]. So for each point, compute the sine value and clip.

This could be another initial guess.

Adding this to the initial guesses.

So, the modified code would include more initial guesses, such as:

- Random guesses
- Structured binary patterns with random shifts
- Sine wave patterns
- Other structured patterns

This would increase the diversity of initial guesses, potentially leading to better optimization.

Additionally, in the perturbation phase, using larger noise initially and then decreasing it.

So, modifying the perturbation phase to use larger noise scales and more iterations.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method for the initial guesses, like differential evolution. However, implementing this would require changes to the code.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to include more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

So, the final code would include:

- More initial guesses with structured patterns
- Adjusted perturbation phase with larger noise initially
- Possibly increased number of perturbations

Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, differential_evolution
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    # Add initial_h_values
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess.copy())
    # Add structured binary guesses with random shifts
    for _ in range(5):
        shift = np.random.uniform(0, 1)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            if (x >= shift and x < shift + 0.5) or (x >= shift + 1.0 and x < shift + 1.5):
                h[i] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    # Add random guesses
    for _ in range(5):
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        current_sum = np.sum(h)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        h = h * scale
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    # Add sine wave guess
    x = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
    h = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * x)
    h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
    initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess with differential evolution for global search
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Bounds and constraints
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Use differential evolution for global search
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            strategy='best1bin',
            popsize=15,
            maxiter=100,
            tol=1e-6,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.8,
            seed=seed
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase with larger initial noise
    num_perturbations = 200
    phase_shift = 0.2
    phase_decay = 0.98
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP for local refinement
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```