<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. 

First, I need to understand the problem setup. The function h is a step function over [0,2] with values in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with multiple initial guesses and perturbations. However, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved a C₅ of 0.380964, which is slightly worse than the current record. So, I need to find a better approach.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts, one key point is to properly define the objective and constraint functions. The previous code does that, but maybe there's room for improvement in the optimization strategy.

Let me think about possible improvements. The previous approach uses a fixed number of initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe using a different optimization method or a more efficient search strategy could help. Also, the current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps using a global optimization method or a different local optimizer with better parameters could find better minima.

Another idea is to consider the structure of the problem. The overlap integral involves cross-correlation, which is sensitive to the shape of h. Maybe a more structured approach, like using a piecewise constant function with specific patterns (like alternating blocks or more complex shapes), could lead to better results.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe a more systematic exploration of the parameter space, such as using simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, could help escape local optima. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), these methods might be too slow.

Another consideration is the choice of initial guesses. The current code uses uniform, blocky, and random patterns. Maybe adding more diverse initial patterns, such as those inspired by known optimal solutions or mathematical constructions, could lead to better starting points.

Additionally, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The previous code computes this maximum directly. However, perhaps reformulating the problem as a minimax optimization could help. For example, using a different formulation that allows for more efficient optimization.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. This is a minimax problem. One approach to handle such problems is to use a bilevel optimization, where the outer loop minimizes the maximum, and the inner loop ensures the constraints are met. However, this might be computationally intensive.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints more effectively. For instance, using a gradient-based method with better convergence properties, or incorporating constraints more tightly into the optimization process.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial guess has n=100, which is manageable. Maybe using a smaller n_points could allow for more efficient optimization, but the trade-off is that the approximation might be less accurate. However, since the problem allows for any n_points as long as it's under 1k, perhaps experimenting with different n_points could be beneficial.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given with n=100. The previous code uses that. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200 or 500, could yield better results. However, increasing n_points increases the computational cost. But since the time budget is 100 seconds, perhaps using a smaller n_points (like 200) could allow for more iterations or better exploration.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is evaluated over all k. The maximum of these values is what we need to minimize. Perhaps focusing on specific values of k that are critical for the maximum. For example, if we can find a h that minimizes the cross-correlation for the most problematic k values, that could lead to a better overall result.

But how to identify those k values? Maybe through analysis or by using a more targeted optimization approach. However, without knowing the optimal h in advance, this is challenging.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses multiple initial guesses and then perturbs the best solution found. The perturbation phase uses a decreasing noise scale. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise parameters could help. Also, using different optimization methods for the perturbations might be beneficial.

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different solver, like COBYLA or trust-constr, could yield better results. Also, using a more efficient implementation of the objective function might help.

Wait, the objective function is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation. The cross-correlation is computed using np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full cross-correlation. However, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for different k. The maximum of these over k is the C₅ value. 

But perhaps there's a way to vectorize this computation more efficiently, or to use a different approach to compute the maximum. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and then taking the maximum. However, the current code already does that.

Another consideration is the constraint. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses an equality constraint. This is correct, but maybe using a different way to enforce the constraint, such as a penalty method, could lead to better convergence. However, the current approach with SLSQP should handle it.

Hmm. Let me think about the structure of the problem again. The function h is a step function, so it's piecewise constant. The optimal h might have a certain structure, like alternating between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlap. For example, a blocky pattern with specific widths.

The previous code includes a blocky initial guess, which is alternating 1 and 0. Maybe improving that pattern by adjusting the block sizes or adding more complexity could help. For instance, using a more sophisticated pattern that has varying block sizes to minimize the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves cross-correlation, which is related to convolution in the frequency domain. However, I'm not sure how to directly apply this to the optimization problem.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the maximum of convex functions is not convex, so it's challenging. But perhaps using a relaxation or a different formulation.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral for each shift k is a linear function of h, but the maximum over k is non-convex. Therefore, it's a non-convex optimization problem, which is hard to solve globally. Hence, the need for heuristic methods.

Given that, perhaps the previous approach is on the right track, but with some tweaks. Let me think about possible changes to the code.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code uses uniform, blocky, and random. Maybe adding more initial guesses, like a sinusoidal pattern or a pattern inspired by known optimal solutions, could help. For example, a pattern that has a certain periodicity that minimizes the overlap.

Second, the optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients, could help escape local minima. However, Nelder-Mead might be slower, but with the perturbation phase, it might be worth trying.

Third, the perturbation phase. The current code applies perturbations with decreasing noise scale. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise parameters more aggressively could help. Also, perhaps using a different perturbation strategy, like randomizing parts of the h function rather than adding noise.

Fourth, the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the cross-correlation for all k and takes the maximum. Maybe there's a way to optimize this computation, but I don't think it's the bottleneck here.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could lead to better starting points. For example, using a pattern that is a combination of blocky and random, or using a pattern that has more complex structures.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200, could allow for a more precise approximation of the optimal h, leading to a better C₅ value. However, increasing n_points increases the computational cost. Let's calculate: for n=100, each optimization step involves evaluating the cross-correlation, which for mode 'full' gives 2n-1 points. For n=200, it's 399 points. But the number of parameters is n, so the optimization problem size increases. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps using n=200 is feasible.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe keeping n=100 is better for speed. But perhaps the initial guess with n=100 is not optimal. Maybe trying with a different n_points could help.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess provided (initial_h_values) is not the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a pattern that is known to be good for similar problems.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that has high values in regions that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted. This might suggest a pattern with alternating high and low regions, but with varying widths.

In the previous code, the blocky initial guess is alternating 1 and 0. Maybe modifying this to have blocks of varying lengths could help. For example, using a pattern where the blocks are not uniform in size, which might lead to a better balance in the overlap.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well. Or using the trust-constr method with a more accurate solver.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=500) for the initial guesses and 300 for the perturbations. Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow for better convergence, but this would take more time. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, when optimizing, the solver might get stuck in a local minimum where the maximum is not the true minimum. Perhaps using a different formulation, such as minimizing the maximum by introducing a variable that represents the maximum value and then minimizing that variable subject to constraints that the cross-correlation for each k is less than or equal to that variable. This is a bilevel optimization problem, which is more complex but might be more effective.

However, implementing this would require reformulating the problem. Let me think: the original problem is to minimize C₅, where C₅ is the maximum over k of the cross-correlation. So, we can introduce a variable t, and minimize t subject to the constraints that for all k, the cross-correlation for shift k is ≤ t. This is a convex problem if the cross-correlation is convex in h, but I'm not sure. However, since the cross-correlation is linear in h, the constraints are linear in h for each k. Therefore, this becomes a linear programming problem with infinitely many constraints (one for each k). But since k is a continuous variable, this is not feasible. However, in our case, k is discrete because the function h is sampled at discrete points. Wait, no. The cross-correlation is computed over all possible shifts, but in the discrete case, the shifts are determined by the sampling. 

Actually, in the discrete case, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts between the samples. However, the original problem involves integrating over all real numbers k, but in the discretized version, the code uses the np.correlate function with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the actual problem's C₅ is the maximum over all real k, but the discretized version approximates this. Therefore, the constraints for the bilevel approach would be for all possible shifts k, which is infinite. Hence, this approach isn't directly applicable.

So, perhaps this line of thinking isn't helpful. 

Another angle: the previous code's perturbation phase uses a decreasing noise scale. Maybe instead of decreasing the noise scale, we could use a different schedule, like a random walk or a more aggressive exploration phase early on, followed by finer adjustments.

Also, the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe using a more adaptive approach, where the number of perturbations depends on the progress made, could be beneficial. However, this would require more complex logic.

Considering all these possibilities, I need to decide on the most impactful changes to the previous code. 

First, perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to the trust-constr method with a more robust solver could help. Also, using a different initial guess could be beneficial.

Second, generating more diverse initial guesses. For example, adding a pattern that is a combination of blocky and random, or a pattern inspired by the known optimal solutions.

Third, adjusting the perturbation phase to use a different strategy, such as varying the noise scale more aggressively or using a different perturbation method.

Let me outline the steps for the new approach:

1. Use a different initial guess, such as a more structured pattern (e.g., a sinusoidal-like pattern or a pattern with varying block sizes).
2. Use a different optimization method, such as trust-constr with a more accurate solver.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses and diversify them.
4. Improve the perturbation phase by using a different noise schedule or perturbation strategy.
5. Possibly try with a different n_points, but keeping it around 100 to maintain speed.

Now, considering the code structure, I need to modify the previous code accordingly. For example, adding more initial guesses, changing the optimization method, and adjusting the perturbation phase.

Another idea: the current code uses the same optimization method for all initial guesses. Maybe using different methods for different initial guesses could help. For example, using Nelder-Mead for some and SLSQP for others.

However, given the time constraints, it's better to focus on the most promising changes. 

Let me think about the initial guesses. The previous code includes uniform, blocky, and random. Adding a pattern that is a combination of these, such as a blocky pattern with varying block sizes, could be beneficial. For example, a pattern where blocks alternate between 1 and 0, but with different widths to balance the overlap.

Alternatively, using a pattern inspired by the known optimal solutions for similar problems. For example, in the case of the Erdős problem, certain constructions are known to be optimal. However, without specific knowledge, it's hard to say.

Another approach is to use a genetic algorithm, which is a global optimization method. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, but perhaps using a simplified version could work. However, given that the user's previous code uses scipy.optimize, maybe sticking with that is better.

In conclusion, the main changes I'll make are:

- Add more initial guesses, such as a pattern with varying block sizes.
- Use a different optimization method, like trust-constr.
- Adjust the perturbation phase to use a different noise schedule.
- Possibly increase the number of perturbations.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

First, generating a new initial guess. For example, a blocky pattern with varying block sizes. Let's say, alternating between blocks of size 1 and 2, or some other pattern. However, how to generate this? Maybe using a pattern where the blocks are not uniform. For example, a pattern that has a certain periodicity but with varying widths.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of the blocky and random patterns. For example, starting with a blocky pattern and adding some random noise.

Another idea: using a pattern that is a step function with multiple levels. For example, a function that has high values in certain regions and low in others, but not strictly alternating.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. So perhaps adding a new initial guess that is a more complex pattern, like a sinusoidal-like function, could help. However, since h is a step function, a sinusoidal-like pattern would need to be approximated with steps.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of the blocky and uniform patterns. For example, a blocky pattern with some uniform regions.

Another possible initial guess is a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain correlation property. For example, a de Bruijn sequence or similar, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is generated by a random walk, ensuring the sum constraint.

But given the time, perhaps adding a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with varying block sizes would be a good start.

Now, modifying the initial_guesses list to include this new pattern.

Next, changing the optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Let's try using the trust-constr method, which might handle the constraints better. Also, using a more precise solver, like SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

Another change: in the perturbation phase, instead of adding noise and scaling, maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as randomly flipping some values in h between 0 and 1, while maintaining the sum constraint.

Also, increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise scale.

Putting this all together, the new code would:

- Include more initial guesses.
- Use a different optimization method.
- Adjust the perturbation phase.

Now, let's draft the code.

First, the initial guesses. Let's add a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with varying block sizes. For example, a pattern where the blocks alternate between 1 and 0, but with varying lengths. However, generating such a pattern requires some logic. For example, a pattern that starts with a block of 1s, then 0s, then 1s, etc., but with varying lengths. However, to keep it simple, perhaps using a pattern where the block sizes are not uniform but follow a certain pattern.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of the blocky and random patterns. For example, starting with the blocky pattern and adding some random noise.

But for simplicity, let's add a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with varying block sizes. For example, blocks of size 1 and 2 alternately. However, how to generate this? Let's say, for n_points=100, we alternate between 1 and 0, but with some variation in the number of 1s and 0s. For example, for every two points, have one 1 and one 0. But this would be similar to the existing blocky pattern.

Alternatively, perhaps using a pattern that has more 1s in certain regions and fewer in others, but ensuring the sum is correct.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a random binary sequence with the sum constraint. But this is similar to the existing random initial guess.

Hmm. Maybe adding a new initial guess that is a sinusoidal-like pattern approximated by steps. For example, a function that increases and decreases periodically. However, since h is a step function, this would require creating a pattern that has steps that follow a sine wave.

But generating such a pattern might be complex. Perhaps using a pattern that is a combination of the blocky and uniform patterns. For example, a pattern that has blocks of 1s and 0s, but with varying widths to balance the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain correlation property. For example, a sequence where the correlation with its shifted versions is minimized.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. So perhaps adding a new initial guess that is a more complex pattern, like a combination of the blocky and random patterns.

In any case, the code will need to generate more initial guesses. Let's proceed.

Now, for the optimization method, changing from SLSQP to trust-constr. However, trust-constr requires the objective and constraints to be differentiable. Since the objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is non-differentiable, this might not be feasible. Therefore, perhaps using a different approach.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method but with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

Another idea: since the maximum is non-differentiable, perhaps approximating it by using a smoothed version. However, this complicates the objective function.

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with a modified objective function that approximates the maximum. For example, using the maximum of the cross-correlation values, but this is what the current code does.

In conclusion, the main changes are adding more initial guesses and adjusting the perturbation phase.

Now, let's write the code.

The code will include more initial guesses, such as a blocky pattern with varying block sizes, and adjust the perturbation phase.

Also, the code will use the trust-constr method for optimization, but if that's not feasible due to the non-differentiable objective, it will revert to SLSQP with tighter parameters.

But given the time, perhaps sticking with SLSQP but with more iterations and better initial guesses is better.

So, the revised code will:

- Add more initial guesses, such as a blocky pattern with varying block sizes.
- Use a different perturbation strategy.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

Now, let's implement this.

The initial_guesses list can be extended with a new pattern. For example, a pattern where blocks alternate between 1 and 0, but with varying lengths. For example, for n_points=100, we can have blocks of 1s and 0s with lengths that vary. However, generating such a pattern requires some logic. For simplicity, perhaps using a pattern where the block sizes are not uniform but follow a certain pattern, like increasing and decreasing.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of the blocky and random patterns. For example, starting with the blocky pattern and adding some random noise.

But for the sake of time, let's add a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with varying block sizes. For example, for every two points, have one 1 and one 0, but with some variation. However, this might not be significantly different from the existing blocky pattern.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain periodicity. For example, a sequence that repeats a pattern of 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, etc. But generating this requires some code.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a random binary sequence with the sum constraint. But this is similar to the existing random initial guess.

Perhaps adding a new initial guess that is a binary sequence with a certain correlation property. For example, a sequence where the correlation with its shifted versions is minimized. However, without knowing the optimal sequence, this is challenging.

In the absence of a better idea, perhaps adding a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with varying block sizes. For example, a pattern where the blocks are of size 1 and 2 alternately. Let's generate this:

For n_points=100, we can alternate between 1s and 0s, but with varying lengths. For example, for every two points, have one 1 and one 0. But this would be similar to the existing blocky pattern.

Alternatively, for every three points, have two 1s and one 0, etc. However, this requires more complex code.

Given the time, perhaps it's better to add a new initial guess that is a random binary sequence with the sum constraint, but with a different random seed. However, the initial_guesses already include a random pattern.

Alternatively, adding a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with a different pattern, such as blocks of size 2 and 1 alternately.

But perhaps this is not significantly different from the existing blocky pattern. Therefore, maybe the main change is to increase the number of perturbations and adjust the perturbation strategy.

In the perturbation phase, instead of adding noise and scaling, perhaps using a different approach, such as randomly flipping some values in h between 0 and 1, while maintaining the sum constraint. For example, selecting a random subset of indices and flipping their values, then adjusting the sum accordingly.

This could be more effective than adding noise. Let's try this.

So, in the perturbation phase, instead of adding noise, we can randomly select some indices and flip their values (0 to 1 or 1 to 0), then adjust the sum to meet the target. This would maintain the sum constraint more precisely.

However, implementing this requires more code. Let's outline the steps:

For each perturbation:

1. Randomly select a subset of indices to flip.
2. For each selected index, flip its value (0 ↔ 1).
3. Compute the new sum.
4. Scale the entire h to meet the target sum.

This approach ensures that the sum is maintained exactly, which might lead to better convergence.

This could be more effective than adding noise, which might not maintain the sum exactly.

So, modifying the perturbation phase to use this approach.

Now, integrating these changes into the code.

The code will:

- Add more initial guesses (maybe a new blocky pattern with varying block sizes).
- Use the perturbation phase with flipping values instead of adding noise.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

Now, writing the code.

The initial_guesses list can be extended with a new pattern. For example, a blocky pattern with varying block sizes. Let's create a pattern where the blocks alternate between 1 and 0, but with varying lengths. For example, for n_points=100, we can have blocks of size 1, 2, 1, 2, etc. However, generating this requires some code.

Alternatively, for simplicity, create a pattern where the first half is 1s and the second half is 0s, but this would be a uniform pattern.

Alternatively, create a pattern where the first 50 points are 1s and the next 50 are 0s, but this is similar to the blocky pattern.

Given the time, perhaps adding a new initial guess that is a blocky pattern with varying block sizes is not worth the effort. Instead, focus on the perturbation phase.

So, modifying the perturbation phase to flip values.

In the perturbation phase, instead of adding noise, we can:

- Randomly select a certain number of indices to flip.
- Flip their values (0 ↔ 1).
- Scale the entire h to meet the target sum.

This would maintain the sum constraint exactly.

So, in the perturbation phase, for each perturbation:

perturbed = best_h.copy()
indices_to_flip = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(n_points * 0.1), replace=False)
perturbed[indices_to_flip] = 1 - perturbed[indices_to_flip]
current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
scale = target_sum / current_sum
perturbed = perturbed * scale

This way, we flip a certain percentage of the values and scale to meet the sum constraint.

This approach might lead to better exploration of the solution space.

Now, implementing this in the code.

Additionally, increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the perturbation parameters.

Putting it all together, the revised code would:

- Use the same initial guesses as before, but possibly add more.
- Use the perturbation phase with flipping values.
- Increase the number of perturbations.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

The code will have the run function, which includes the initial guesses, the optimization with SLSQP, and the perturbation phase with flipping values.

Also, using the same objective function as before.

Finally, testing this approach.

Given the time constraints, this should be the main changes. Now, translating this into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess.copy())  # Original initial guess
    # Uniform distribution
    uniform = np.full(n_points, 0.5)
    uniform = uniform * (target_sum / np.sum(uniform))
    initial_guesses.append(uniform)
    # Blocky pattern (alternating 1 and 0)
    blocky = np.zeros(n_points)
    blocky[::2] = 1.0
    blocky = blocky * (target_sum / np.sum(blocky))
    initial_guesses.append(blocky)
    # Random pattern
    random = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    random = random * (target_sum / np.sum(random))
    initial_guesses.append(random)
    # New initial guess: blocky with varying block sizes
    varying_blocky = np.zeros(n_points)
    block_size = 1
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % (block_size + 1) < block_size:
            varying_blocky[i] = 1.0
        else:
            varying_blocky[i] = 0.0
        block_size = 2 if block_size == 1 else 1
    varying_blocky = varying_blocky * (target_sum / np.sum(varying_blocky))
    initial_guesses.append(varying_blocky)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase on the best_h found so far
    num_perturbations = 500  # Increased from 300
    phase_shift = 0.15
    phase_decay = 0.98
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        # Flip values strategy
        perturbed = best_h.copy()
        flip_count = int(n_points * 0.1)
        indices_to_flip = np.random.choice(n_points, size=flip_count, replace=False)
        perturbed[indices_to_flip] = 1.0 - perturbed[indices_to_flip]
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```