<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code uses a local optimization approach with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess and perturbing it. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each shift k, we compute this integral and take the maximum. Our aim is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses multiple initial guesses, optimizes each with SLSQP, and then perturbs the best solution. But maybe this is getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps a different optimization strategy could help. Also, maybe the initial guess isn't the best starting point. The initial_h_values is given, but maybe other structured initial guesses could be better.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we want to distribute the "mass" of h(x) such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. Maybe using a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could explore the search space better. However, those methods might be too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization algorithm. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model could be more efficient. But implementing that from scratch might be complex.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points). The previous code uses n=100. Maybe using more points could allow for a better approximation, but with the time constraint, maybe not. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using n=100 is better for speed.

Wait, the previous code starts with initial_h_values, which is n=100. Maybe trying different initial configurations could help. For example, instead of binary patterns, maybe using a more complex structure. Like, alternating between 0 and 1 in a way that spreads out the 1s. Or maybe using a sinusoidal function to model h(x), but since it's a step function, that's not directly applicable.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a convolution. The overlap integral for a shift k is the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k. So, the maximum of this convolution over all k is what we need to minimize. So, perhaps using Fourier analysis? The convolution theorem states that the Fourier transform of the convolution is the product of the Fourier transforms. But since we're dealing with maximum over k, maybe there's a way to use this. However, I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, maybe considering the problem in terms of the Fourier coefficients. For each shift k, the integral is the inner product of h and (1 - h shifted by k). But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. But how to optimize that? Maybe using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum by adding a penalty term for each k. However, that's not straightforward.

Wait, the previous code uses a local optimization approach. Maybe the issue is that the initial guess is not good enough. So, perhaps generating better initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, instead of random guesses, maybe using a structured approach. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigning 1s in a way that spreads them out. Like, a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy algorithm: start by placing the 1s in positions that minimize the overlap. But how to do that? It's a bit vague.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of placing points to minimize the maximum overlap. Maybe using a grid-based approach where the function h(x) is a step function with certain intervals set to 1 and others to 0. For example, if we have m intervals where h(x) is 1, then the total integral is m * dx, so m = n_points / 2. So, for n_points=100, m=50. So, we need to select 50 intervals of length dx=0.02 each. The challenge is to choose these intervals such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem. But with 100 points, the number of possible combinations is huge. However, maybe using a heuristic to place the intervals. For example, using a greedy algorithm where each interval is placed to minimize the current maximum overlap. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, maybe using a simulated annealing approach. Start with a random configuration and iteratively perturb it, accepting worse solutions with a certain probability to escape local minima. However, implementing this in Python with the given time constraints might be challenging.

Another idea: since the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C5 value. But again, with time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code's best result was 0.380965. The target is 0.380876. So, we need to find a solution that reduces the maximum overlap by about 0.000089. How can we achieve that?

Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more structured approach. For example, using a binary pattern with certain periodicity. For instance, a pattern that repeats every 0.5 units, with 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure, like a combination of different intervals. For example, alternating between longer and shorter intervals of 1s. But how to determine the optimal arrangement?

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. For example, if the function h(x) is periodic, then the maximum overlap might occur at shifts that are multiples of the period. So, perhaps designing h(x) to have a period that avoids these shifts. However, this is quite vague.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with intervals of 1s such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This seems similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize the maximum overlap with their shifted versions.

Wait, perhaps using a mathematical approach. Let's consider that the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over x. Since h is a step function, maybe we can model this as the sum over intervals where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. But how to compute this?

Alternatively, for a given h, the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift k. So, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we need to choose the positions of the 1s in h such that for all possible shifts k, the overlap is as small as possible.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a mixed-integer programming approach, but with the given time constraints, that might not be feasible.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a local optimization approach, perhaps adding more perturbations or using a different optimization method. For example, using a more global optimization method like differential evolution. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local method. Maybe switching to a global optimizer could help find better solutions.

But the user's code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe trying different methods, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, could yield better results. However, these methods might not be as effective for constrained problems.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, starting with a global search and then refining with a local optimizer.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n=100). Maybe using a larger n could allow for a better approximation, but with the time budget, it's possible that the code might not complete in time. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe n=100 is acceptable.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given. Let's assume that it's a good starting point. But perhaps modifying it in a certain way could help. For example, adjusting the positions of the 1s to spread them out more evenly.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a function that has minimal correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "difference set" in combinatorics, where certain shifts have minimal overlap. Maybe using a difference set approach could help. However, I'm not familiar with the exact application here.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The overlap integral for a shift k can be expressed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This is equivalent to the inner product of h and (1 - h) shifted by k. The maximum of this over all k is what we want to minimize.

Using the convolution theorem, the Fourier transform of the overlap integral would be the product of the Fourier transforms of h and (1 - h) shifted by k. But I'm not sure how to proceed with this.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is related to the maximum value of the convolution. So, perhaps the problem can be transformed into minimizing the maximum value of the convolution. But again, how to optimize this?

Another approach: since the overlap integral is a maximum over k, perhaps we can approximate this maximum by considering a finite set of k values. For example, considering k values that are multiples of dx, which is 2/n_points. This would reduce the problem to a finite number of shifts, which might be manageable.

But how does this help in the optimization? Maybe by approximating the maximum with a finite set of shifts, we can make the problem more tractable.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum occurs at certain critical points. For example, when the shift k is such that the overlap is maximized. Maybe focusing the optimization on these critical points.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses, including structured binary patterns. Maybe adding more structured initial guesses could help. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, or using a pattern that minimizes the maximum overlap for a given number of 1s.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, using a function that is a combination of multiple step functions arranged to minimize overlap. For instance, placing the 1s in a way that they are spread out as much as possible.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Let's assume that it's a certain pattern. If I can understand what that pattern is, maybe I can modify it. But since I don't have access to it, I'll have to proceed with the given code.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation phase after finding the best solution. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using different noise scales or different perturbation patterns.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a trust-region method or a more advanced solver. However, the user's code uses SLSQP, which is a Sequential Least Squares Programming method. Maybe using a different solver, like IPOPT, could yield better results. However, the user's code may not have access to IPOPT, but the problem statement says that scipy.optimize.minimize can use various solvers like SLSQP, COBYLA, etc.

Wait, the user's code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, could help. However, Nelder-Mead is a local optimizer and might not be as effective.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach with a Gaussian process surrogate model. This could be more efficient in exploring the search space. However, implementing this would require more code and might be time-consuming.

Another idea: the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and each h_i is between 0 and 1. Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for violating the constraints. However, the previous code already uses equality constraints.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (each corresponding to a shift k), perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach. However, this might complicate the optimization process.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift, maybe we can model this as an optimization problem where we try to minimize the maximum value by adjusting the h function. This is a minimax problem, which can be challenging.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? One approach is to use a bilevel optimization, where the outer problem minimizes the maximum overlap, and the inner problem ensures that the constraints are satisfied. However, this is computationally intensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. For example, using a different initial guess, modifying the optimization parameters, or adding more perturbations.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses, especially structured ones, could help. For example, using different periodic patterns or other structured configurations.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach. Each individual is a vector of h values. The fitness is the C5 value. We can evolve the population over generations, selecting the best individuals and mutating them. However, implementing this in Python with the given time constraints might be challenging, but perhaps manageable.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, and with 10 CPUs, maybe a parallelized approach could be used. However, the user's code is written in a single process, so parallelization might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances or more iterations. However, the previous code already uses a certain number of iterations.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using different noise scales or different perturbation patterns.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated perturbation method. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, using a more targeted perturbation that focuses on areas where the overlap is high.

Another idea: the problem might benefit from using a more accurate numerical integration. The current code uses np.correlate, which might have some numerical issues. However, the problem statement says that the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', so that's probably correct.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and using vectorized operations. However, the current code already does this with np.correlate.

Hmm. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by:

1. Using a different initial guess, such as a more structured pattern.
2. Increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the initial guess generation.
3. Using a different optimization method or adjusting the optimization parameters.
4. Adding more perturbations with varying strategies.

For example, instead of using random initial guesses, generate initial guesses based on structured patterns. For instance, a pattern where the 1s are spaced as evenly as possible. This could be done by dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and placing 1s in certain positions.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of different intervals. For example, placing 1s in intervals that are spaced by a certain distance, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a binary step function with certain periodicity. If I can replicate that pattern and then adjust it, maybe I can find a better solution.

But without knowing the exact structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps it's a good starting point.

Another approach: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n=100). Maybe using a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, using n=200 points might allow for a more precise approximation, but with the time budget, it's possible that the code might not complete in time. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so n=100 is better.

Alternatively, using a different number of points. For example, n=50. But that would reduce the number of 1s to 25, which might not be sufficient to achieve the desired integral. Wait, the integral is 1, so sum(h) * dx = 1. For n_points, dx = 2/n_points. So sum(h) = n_points / 2. So for n=50, sum(h) = 25. So, if we have 25 ones, each of length dx=0.04. But maybe this is too sparse. However, the problem requires that the function is a step function, so the number of intervals where h(x) is 1 can vary.

But the previous code uses n=100. Let's stick with that for now.

So, to improve the code, perhaps:

- Generate more structured initial guesses, such as periodic patterns.
- Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution.
- Increase the number of perturbations or vary the perturbation strategy.
- Adjust the optimization parameters, like the tolerance or maximum iterations.

For example, using differential evolution (DE) could be more effective in exploring the search space. However, the previous code uses SLSQP. Let's try modifying the code to use DE.

But how to implement that? The scipy.optimize.minimize function supports the 'differential_evolution' method. However, it requires bounds and possibly other parameters. Also, the constraints need to be handled. Since the problem has an equality constraint (sum(h) = n_points/2), perhaps we can use a penalty method to incorporate the constraint into the objective function.

Alternatively, using a method that can handle constraints. The 'differential_evolution' method in scipy.optimize does not support constraints directly, so we would need to use a penalty approach.

But this might complicate things. Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Another idea: the previous code uses multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using different types of initial guesses could help. For example, adding more structured patterns like binary patterns with different shifts.

Alternatively, using a combination of binary and continuous initial guesses.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe adding more perturbations with different noise scales or using a different perturbation strategy, such as swapping values or adjusting certain intervals.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so getting stuck in local minima is likely. To mitigate this, using a more global optimization method, like genetic algorithms, could help. However, implementing this from scratch might be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code by:

1. Using a different initial guess generation, including more structured patterns.
2. Using a different optimization method, like differential evolution with penalty for constraints.
3. Increasing the number of perturbations and varying the perturbation strategy.

But since the user's code is already using SLSQP, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the optimization could help. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations or decreasing the tolerance.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code by adding more structured initial guesses and adjusting the perturbation phase.

So, the plan is:

- Generate more initial guesses with structured patterns, such as periodic binary patterns with different periods.
- Use a more efficient perturbation strategy, such as varying the noise scale and applying it to different parts of the function.
- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or tighter tolerances.

Now, implementing this in code. The existing code uses initial_guesses with structured binary patterns and random guesses. Let's add more structured patterns, like a pattern where the 1s are spaced periodically with a certain period. For example, a pattern that repeats every 0.5 units, placing 1s in certain intervals.

For example, for a period of 0.5, we could have a pattern where 1s are placed in intervals of length 0.25, spaced every 0.5 units. This would spread out the 1s and potentially reduce overlap.

Another structured pattern could be a binary pattern with 1s placed at regular intervals. For example, placing 1s every other interval. But with n_points=100, this would mean 50 intervals of 1s, which is exactly what the sum requires.

Wait, the sum of h must be 50 for n_points=100. So, if we have 50 intervals of 1s, each of length dx=0.02, that would give sum(h) = 50 * 0.02 * 1 = 1.0. So, that's correct.

So, a structured initial guess could be placing 1s every other interval. For example, h[i] = 1 if i is even, else 0. This would give a periodic pattern with period 2 intervals (dx=0.04). However, this might lead to high overlap when shifted by dx.

Alternatively, a more spread-out pattern. For example, placing 1s in intervals that are spaced as evenly as possible. This is similar to a "greedy" approach where each 1 is placed to maximize the spacing between them.

But how to generate such a pattern? For example, for n_points=100, we need 50 intervals of 1s. So, the positions of the 1s would be at intervals that are spaced as evenly as possible. This could be achieved by placing them at positions i*dx where i is chosen to be as evenly spaced as possible.

This is similar to a uniform distribution. For example, placing the 1s at positions that are spaced by 2/(number of 1s) = 2/50 = 0.04. So, the positions would be at 0.0, 0.04, 0.08, ..., 1.96. But this would create a pattern where the 1s are placed every 0.04 units. However, this would lead to a high overlap when shifted by 0.04, since the 1s would overlap with the shifted 1s.

Alternatively, placing the 1s in a way that they are spaced more than 0.04 apart. For example, using a more complex pattern like a binary pattern with certain periodicity.

But generating such a pattern requires some code. For example, for a given number of 1s, we can distribute them evenly across the interval [0, 2]. This can be done by placing them at positions i*dx where i is chosen to be as evenly spaced as possible. For example, for n_points=100 and 50 1s, we can place them at every other interval. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated method, like the "greedy" algorithm where each new 1 is placed to maximize the minimum distance from existing 1s. However, this is computationally intensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to generate a few structured initial guesses, such as periodic patterns with different periods, and include them in the initial_guesses list.

For example, adding a pattern where the 1s are placed every 0.5 units, but with a certain offset. Or a pattern where the 1s are placed in a way that they are spread out as much as possible.

So, modifying the initial_guesses generation to include these structured patterns.

Another idea: the previous code uses shifts of 0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75 for the binary patterns. Maybe adding more shifts or different patterns could help.

In addition, the previous code adds random guesses. Maybe adding more structured guesses could help.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a global optimizer like differential evolution for the initial guesses, then refining with SLSQP.

But given the time, perhaps modifying the existing code to include more structured initial guesses and adjusting the perturbation phase.

Now, putting this into code.

The previous code generates initial guesses with structured binary patterns and random guesses. Let's add more structured patterns. For example, a pattern where the 1s are placed every other interval, or a pattern with a different periodicity.

For example:

- A binary pattern with period 0.5, where 1s are placed in the first half of each period.
- A binary pattern with period 1.0, where 1s are placed in the first half of each period.
- A pattern with 1s placed at regular intervals, spaced by 0.2 units.

These patterns can be generated by checking for each position whether it falls within a certain interval.

For example, for a period of 0.5, the pattern would have 1s in the first 0.25 units of each period. This would spread out the 1s and potentially reduce overlap.

So, modifying the initial_guesses generation to include these patterns.

Another idea: using a pattern that is a combination of different intervals. For example, placing 1s in intervals that are spaced by varying amounts to avoid overlap when shifted.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code. However, generating a few structured patterns could help.

In code, for each structured pattern, we can generate a h array where h[i] = 1 if the position i*dx falls within a certain interval, else 0.

For example, for a period of 0.5, the interval for 1s could be [0.0, 0.25) and [0.5, 0.75), etc. This would create a pattern where 1s are placed every 0.5 units, but only in the first half of each period.

So, adding these patterns to the initial_guesses list.

Another possible structured pattern is a binary pattern with 1s placed at positions where i is even. This would create a periodic pattern with period 2 intervals (dx=0.04), which might lead to high overlap when shifted by 0.04.

But perhaps this is a good starting point for the initial guesses.

So, modifying the initial_guesses generation to include these structured patterns.

In addition, the previous code uses random guesses. Perhaps generating more random guesses could help, but it's already doing that.

Another idea: using a more efficient perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, using a more targeted perturbation that focuses on areas where the overlap is high. However, this requires knowing where the overlap is high, which is what the optimization is trying to find.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated perturbation method, such as swapping values between intervals or adjusting certain intervals to reduce overlap.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to include more structured initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

So, the final code would include:

- More structured initial guesses with different periodic patterns.
- Adjusted perturbation parameters, such as increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise scale.

Additionally, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing the maximum number of iterations or decreasing the tolerance.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the differential evolution method for the initial guesses, which could explore the search space more effectively.

However, implementing differential evolution with constraints requires a penalty approach. For example, the objective function could be the C5 value plus a penalty for violating the sum constraint.

But this might complicate the code. However, given the time, perhaps it's worth trying.

In code, for the initial guesses, we can use differential evolution to optimize the initial guess. However, since the initial guesses are generated, perhaps using a combination of structured and random guesses.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code, but add more structured initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

So, the final code would look like the previous one, but with more structured initial guesses and possibly more perturbations.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the noise scale could help.

In the perturbation phase, the code currently uses a phase decay of 0.96, which reduces the noise scale over time. Perhaps increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the decay rate could help.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code by:

1. Adding more structured initial guesses with different periodic patterns.
2. Adjusting the perturbation phase to include more perturbations with varying noise scales.
3. Possibly adjusting the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or tighter tolerances.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses including structured ones
    initial_guesses = []
    # Add initial_h_values
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess.copy())
    # Add structured binary guesses
    for shift in [0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75]:
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            if (x >= shift and x < shift + 0.5) or (x >= shift + 1.0 and x < shift + 1.5):
                h[i] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    # Add periodic patterns
    for period in [0.5, 1.0, 1.5]:
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            if (x % period) < period / 2:
                h[i] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    # Add random guesses
    for _ in range(5):
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        current_sum = np.sum(h)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        h = h * scale
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase on the best_h found so far
    num_perturbations = 200  # Increased from 150
    phase_shift = 0.15
    phase_decay = 0.96
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```