<think>
Okay, I need to come up with a new strategy to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous approaches used Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), Differential Evolution (DE), and Bayesian Optimization. I need a materially different approach, so I should think about what these previous methods do and how to differentiate.

First, the current problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral C₅ over all lags. This is a non-convex optimization problem with constraints on the integral and bounds on the function values. The previous methods used population-based heuristics, which are good at exploring the search space but might get stuck in local optima. 

What if I consider a different mathematical formulation? Maybe instead of directly optimizing the overlap integral, I can look for patterns or structures in the function h that inherently minimize the maximum overlap. For example, maybe using symmetry or periodicity in the function h could help. 

Another thought: the problem resembles a design problem where we need to arrange the function h such that it overlaps as little as possible with its shifted versions. Maybe using a probabilistic approach, like placing the function h as a mixture of certain basis functions, might help. For instance, using orthogonal functions or wavelets that have good localization properties.

Alternatively, I could consider transforming the problem into a more tractable form. The overlap integral can be viewed as a convolution. Maybe there's a way to model the function h as a linear combination of basis functions that are designed to minimize overlaps when convolved with themselves. 

Wait, the problem requires that the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], which is equivalent to the sum of h values being n_points / 2. Also, each h[i] is between 0 and 1. The constraints are strict, so any method needs to ensure that these are satisfied. 

A potential approach could be to use a more structured optimization method that leverages the problem's structure. For instance, if I can model h as a piecewise constant function with some periodicity, maybe using a Fourier series or similar representation. However, since the domain is [0, 2], which isn't a multiple of the period, this might complicate things. 

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a greedy algorithm that iteratively adjusts the function h to reduce the worst-case overlap. But greedy methods can be stuck in local minima. 

Alternatively, using a simulation-based approach where we generate multiple candidate functions and evaluate their performance. The key is to generate candidates that are likely to improve the upper bound. Maybe using a randomized search with certain heuristics to guide the sampling.

Wait, the previous strategies have used gradient-based methods or evolutionary algorithms. What if I use a method that combines both? For example, using a random walk to explore the solution space, but with a local optimization step to refine promising candidates. 

But how to handle the constraints? Maybe using a Lagrange multiplier approach to incorporate the integral constraint into the optimization problem. However, the problem is non-convex, so this might not help much. 

Let me think about the correlation part. The overlap integral is max over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over k is critical. To minimize this maximum, h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is small. This is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation, but with the twist that the integral is fixed. 

In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are important, but usually, the sum of the sequence is fixed. However, here, the sum is fixed to 1 over the interval, which is a different constraint. Maybe techniques from code design or error-correcting codes could be adapted here. 

Alternatively, using a frequency domain approach. The integral can be represented as a convolution, and perhaps applying a Fourier transform might reveal some properties. But I need to ensure that the function h is in [0, 1] and meets the integral constraint. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where the maximum overlap is the objective, and then use a solver that can handle the constraints. However, the problem's non-convexity makes this challenging. 

Wait, what if I use an interior point method? The problem is non-convex, but perhaps by using a convex relaxation, I can find a good approximation. For example, relaxing the constraints on h being binary or piecewise constant and instead allowing continuous values, then using a quadratic programming approach. But I need to make sure that the relaxation doesn't lead to a solution that is not feasible in the original problem. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a variational approach where we define an energy function that penalizes large overlaps. Then, find the h that minimizes this energy while satisfying the constraints. 

But how to translate this into a practical algorithm? Maybe using an iterative method where at each step, we adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. 

Wait, the time budget is tight (600s) and the number of points is up to 1000. So the method needs to be efficient. 

Maybe combining the ideas of evolutionary algorithms with some mathematical structure. For instance, generating candidates that have a certain structure, like having alternating high and low values, to minimize overlaps. 

Alternatively, consider dividing the interval [0, 2] into intervals where h is either 0 or 1, trying to spread these intervals in such a way that overlapping with shifts is minimized. This would be similar to a binary optimal design problem. However, this might not yield the best result due to the trade-off between the integral constraint and the overlap. 

Wait, the initial H values are given, which might have some structure. Perhaps the idea is to refine that structure further. For example, using a clustering approach to group the points and adjust the values in each cluster to minimize overlap. 

Another angle: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can look for h that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that each shift overlaps with the previous pattern as little as possible. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain number of points, ensuring that any shift will have overlaps that are spread out. 

This is similar to the concept of a de Bruijn sequence or a sequence with minimal autocorrelation. However, implementing such a sequence might require specific construction. 

Alternatively, using a probabilistic model where h is a function that's a combination of certain parameters. For example, h could be a sum of sinusoids, with certain amplitudes and phases, ensuring that the integral is 1. Then, optimizing the parameters to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this would involve a lot of parameters, and the optimization might be complex. 

I think a better approach might be to use an algorithm that focuses on the structure of the overlap. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over all lags, maybe we can focus on minimizing the maximum overlap for a few critical lags, rather than all. For example, using a gradient-based approach where the function is adjusted to reduce the overlap for the lag with the highest current overlap. 

But how to handle this in practice? This seems like a myopic approach, but it might lead to a local minimum. 

Alternatively, combining multiple techniques. For instance, using a genetic algorithm but with a tailored mutation and crossover that preserves the integral constraint and encourages diversity. 

Wait, the previous strategies tried DE and GA. What if I try a different metaheuristic, like simulated annealing? But simulated annealing can be slow to converge. 

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe it's useful to consider the dual problem. For each lag k, the overlap is integrated. To minimize the maximum value, we can try to balance the overlaps across all lags. 

But this is vague. How to translate this into an algorithm? 

Perhaps using a structured optimization where the function h is represented as a combination of basis functions with certain properties. For example, using B-splines or other basis functions that allow for efficient optimization. 

Alternatively, using a reinforcement learning approach where the agent learns to adjust h to minimize the overlap. However, this would require a lot of computational resources and might not fit within the time budget. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible approach is to use a more advanced evolutionary algorithm, such as a genetic algorithm with adaptive mutation and crossover, or a differential evolution that involves more sophisticated mutation strategies. However, the previous strategies already tried these. 

Wait, the user wants a materially different approach. So, I should avoid evolutionary algorithms. 

Maybe using a mathematical approach based on linear programming, but the problem is non-linear due to the product terms. However, by using a relaxation technique, like replacing h(x) * (1 - h(x+k)) with its convex hull, maybe I can form a convex optimization problem. 

For example, the product can be relaxed to a linear expression by introducing auxiliary variables. This would turn the problem into a semi-definite program (SDP), but solving an SDP over a large number of variables might not be feasible within the time budget. 

Alternatively, using a branch and bound approach, but again, the time limit might not allow this. 

Another idea: using a greedy algorithm that iteratively adjusts h to reduce the maximum overlap. For instance, find the lag with the highest current overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this is a myopic approach and might not lead to the global minimum. 

Wait, perhaps combining the idea of greedy adjustment with a more global search. For example, using a local search around the initial solution, but with some randomness to escape local optima. 

But how to implement this? 

Alternatively, using a random restart approach, where multiple initial solutions are generated, and the best one is selected. This could help in avoiding local minima. 

But again, this is similar to previous strategies. 

I need to think of something different. Let's go back to the mathematical formulation. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the integrals of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over all k. 

The maximum over k is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation function. So, the problem reduces to finding a function h with a certain integral constraint that has the lowest maximum cross-correlation. 

In signal processing, the cross-correlation of a signal with itself is the autocorrelation. To minimize the maximum autocorrelation, certain sequences are designed, like Barker codes, which have minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes have specific properties and are for binary sequences. 

Maybe applying similar ideas but for continuous functions or more generalized sequences. 

But how to generate such sequences? 

Alternatively, using a periodic function that repeats over intervals, ensuring that its autocorrelation is low. For example, a square wave with a certain period. However, the integral constraint complicates this. 

Suppose the function h is piecewise constant, consisting of segments where it is 0 or 1. The challenge is to arrange these segments to minimize overlaps when shifted. 

For a given number of points, perhaps the optimal solution is a set of intervals where h is 1, and these intervals are spaced such that any shift k will overlap with at most a certain number of intervals. 

This is similar to a scheduling problem where the goal is to schedule tasks (here, intervals where h is 1) such that overlaps are minimized. 

In this case, the problem becomes similar to packing intervals in a way that their shifts avoid overlapping too much. The integral constraint ensures that the sum of the lengths of these intervals is 1 (since the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1). 

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary representation where h[i] is 0 or 1, and the sum of h[i] is n_points / 2. Then, the problem becomes choosing which points to set to 1 such that the maximum overlap with any shift is minimized. 

But this is a binary integer programming problem, which is NP-hard. However, for a moderate number of points (like up to 1000), maybe we can approximate it using a heuristic. 

This binary approach could be a good alternative. The previous strategies used continuous values, but if we treat h as a binary step function (0 or 1), perhaps we can get a better result. 

But the initial_h_values might be a continuous function, so we need to convert them into binary values. However, this could lead to a loss of information, but maybe it's worth trying. 

Another consideration: even if h is binary, the problem is still challenging. However, the constraints are easier to handle since the integral is simply the count of 1s. 

So, the approach could be to use a binary optimization, which is a type of combinatorial optimization. However, with n_points up to 1000, this is computationally intensive. 

But given the time budget of 600 seconds, perhaps using a metaheuristic like a genetic algorithm with binary representations. 

But again, this resembles previous approaches. 

Alternatively, using a dynamic programming approach for small n_points, but for larger problem sizes, this isn't feasible. 

I think I need to settle on a different approach than the previous ones. Let me think about the following idea: instead of directly optimizing h to minimize the maximum overlap, I can find a function h that has minimal autocorrelation, which is a known problem in signal processing. 

For example, if I can find a function h that is a solution to the minimal autocorrelation problem, that might provide a good upper bound. The minimal autocorrelation code with certain properties could be a candidate. 

But how to adapt this to the given constraints? 

Alternatively, using a matrix formulation where the problem is transformed into a system of equations. Let me try to think in terms of linear algebra. 

Suppose that the function h is a vector in a certain space. The overlap integral for a lag k is the dot product between h and (1 - h shifted by k). To minimize the maximum of these dot products over all k. 

This seems abstract, but maybe there's a way to model this as a linear system. However, the non-convexity of the problem remains. 

Maybe using a numerical method like gradient descent, but the presence of the max function makes the objective non-smooth, complicating the gradient computation. 

Alternatively, using a subgradient method, but this could be slow and require careful tuning. 

Given the time constraints and the need for an algorithm that doesn't rely on previous methods, I think the best approach is to use a mathematical formulation that encodes the constraints and the objective, and then use an optimization solver that can handle non-linear constraints. 

For example, formulating the problem as a non-linear optimization problem with the integral constraint and the bounds on h. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap, which can be rewritten as a min-max problem. 

However, directly solving this with a solver like IPOPT might be challenging due to the non-convexity and the discontinuities in the objective function. 

Another idea: approximate the max overlap with a smoothed objective function that allows for gradient-based optimization. For example, replacing the max with a logistic function or another smooth approximation. 

But this is a heuristic and might not yield an accurate solution. 

Alternatively, using a convex relaxation, like replacing the max with an L-infinity constraint and trying to minimize the L-infinity norm of the overlaps. However, this is still a non-convex problem. 

I think I'm stuck. Let me try to summarize the key points from the previous strategies and think about what's missing.

Previous strategies used evolutionary algorithms (DE, GA), Bayesian optimization, and PSO. All of these are population-based and heuristic. They have high variance in results and might get stuck in local optima.

What if I use a different approach, such as a direct optimization using a solver that can handle the non-convexity of the problem? For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a more targeted mutation strategy or an evolutionary strategy that uses mutation with a mathematical basis.

Wait, the user requested a materially different approach, so perhaps combining the ideas of a probabilistic model with a mathematical structure. 

Let me try to think of the problem as a design problem where h is a function that needs to have low autocorrelation. This is similar to the concept of a low autocorrelation sequence. In the discrete case, sequences with low autocorrelation are used in radar and communications. Maybe applying similar techniques here.

For instance, the Barker codes are sequences with minimal autocorrelation. However, these are binary sequences with specific lengths. For continuous functions, perhaps a similar approach can be adapted.

Alternatively, using a Walsh function or other orthogonal functions, which have good autocorrelation properties. 

But how to handle the integral constraint and the support of the function? 

Let me try to formalize this idea. If I can represent h as a linear combination of orthogonal basis functions, then the autocorrelation can be minimized by choosing the coefficients appropriately. 

For example, using Haar functions, which are piecewise constant and orthogonal. The integral constraint would translate into a condition on the coefficients. Then, the overlap integral can be minimized by optimizing these coefficients.

This seems promising. Let's elaborate.

The Haar functions are piecewise constant functions, which makes them suitable for representing step functions. The first few Haar functions can be used to approximate the function h. The integral constraint can then be satisfied by adjusting the coefficients. The autocorrelation for different lags can be computed using the properties of the basis functions.

The key idea would be to represent h as a combination of Haar functions and optimize the coefficients to minimize the maximum overlap. This approach might be more efficient than previous methods because it leverages the structure of the basis functions, potentially reducing the search space.

However, this approach requires familiarity with the Haar functions and their properties, and the optimization problem would need to be formulated properly. 

Let's outline the steps:

1. Choose a set of Haar functions that can represent the function h over the interval [0, 2].
2. Express h as a linear combination of these Haar functions, ensuring that the integral constraint is met.
3. Compute the overlap integrals for various lags, which may be simplified using the orthogonality of the Haar functions.
4. Optimize the coefficients to minimize the maximum overlap, using a suitable optimization method.

The advantage of using Haar functions is that they are orthogonal, leading to simpler computations for the autocorrelation. However, the choice of basis functions and the number of coefficients needed to represent h accurately is critical. 

This approach could potentially lead to a more structured optimization problem compared to the previous heuristic methods. Additionally, the use of basis functions might make it easier to incorporate the integral constraint into the optimization process.

Another consideration is the number of Haar functions needed to represent h sufficiently. For the interval [0, 2], the Haar functions are defined on dyadic intervals, so the choice of resolution will determine the number of basis functions. However, the problem allows us to choose the number of samples (n_points), which can be adjusted to fit the resolution.

In this approach, the function h is approximated by a linear combination of Haar functions, which can be optimized to minimize the maximum overlap. This could lead to a more efficient and structured search compared to the previous methods.

Now, the implementation would need to transform the problem into this basis, perform the optimization, and then return the resulting function h. 

This seems like a viable alternative to the previous approaches. It's a mathematical formulation that leverages the properties of an orthogonal basis to simplify the optimization problem. It also allows for a more structured approach, potentially leading to better results.

Therefore, the final strategy would involve representing h using Haar functions, setting up the optimization problem with the integral constraint, and using an optimization algorithm to minimize the maximum overlap. This provides a different approach from the evolutionary algorithms and Bayesian optimization used before.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
This strategy employs a basis-function decomposition approach using Haar wavelets, leveraging orthogonality properties to structure the optimization problem. Haar wavelets are piecewise constant functions that naturally align with step-function representations and exhibit favorable autocorrelation properties. By expanding the step function h(x) in terms of Haar wavelets, we transform the non-convex optimization problem into a structured form where the integral constraint and overlap integral can be expressed more tractably. This approach avoids heuristic landscape navigation and instead focuses on analytical structure, offering potential for improved global convergence compared to population-based methods.

2. Mathematical specification
Variables: Let h(x) ∈ [0,1] be the step function on [0,2], with ∫₀² h(x)dx = 1. We represent h as a linear combination of Haar wavelets {ψ_n(x)}_{n=0}^{N-1}:
h(x) = c₀ + Σ_{n=1}^{N-1} c_n ψ_n(x)
where c₀ = 0.5 (ensuring the integral constraint) and c_n are coefficients to be optimized. The Haar functions are defined as:
ψ_n(x) = 
   1, if x ∈ [k/2^{m}, (k+1)/2^{m}) for some m and k
   -1, if x ∈ [(k+1)/2^{m}, (k+2)/2^{m})
   0, otherwise
for n = 1 to N-1, where N is the number of Haar functions. The autocorrelation for lag k is computed as:
C_k = ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x+k))dx = 1 - C_{h,k} - ∫₀² h(x)^2 dx
where C_{h,k} is the cross-correlation between h and h shifted by k.

Constraints:
- 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1 for all x ∈ [0,2]
- ∫₀² h(x)dx = 1 (satisfied by c₀=0.5 and choice of basis)

Objective: Minimize max_k [C_k] over all k ∈ {-N+1, ..., N-1}

Implementation: The Haar coefficients are optimized to minimize this maximum overlap, with the integral constraint inherently satisfied by the basis expansion.

3. Implementation procedure
Inputs: n_points (from initial_h_values), seed, budget_s
Steps:
a. Construct Haar basis functions for interval [0,2] with resolution matching n_points
b. Map initial_h_values to Haar coefficients using a dyadic grid
c. Initialize parameters c_n for n ≥1, ensuring h(x) ∈ [0,1] via clipping
d. Define objective function: For each Lag k, compute max_k [∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x+k))dx]
e. Optimize using constrained optimization (e.g. SLSQP) over the Haar coefficients
f. Transform optimal coefficients back to h(x) values
g. Validate bounds and integral constraint, fallback to initial_h_values if failure

Key operations:
- Haar coefficient mapping: Use dyadic grid to calculate c_n from initial_h_values
- Objective calculation: Precompute all Lag k overlaps using the basis expansion
- Constraint satisfaction: Ensure h(x) ∈ [0,1] by clipping and adjusting coefficients

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default parameters:
- Resolution: n_points = len(initial_h_values) (fixed)
- Optimization solver: scipy.optimize.slsqp
- Objective function: max over all lags of computed overlap
- Constraints: 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1, ∫₀² h(x)dx = 1
- Initial guess: Haar coefficients from initial_h_values

Variations:
- Adaptive resolution: Use different n_points for refinement
- Basis transformation: Try other orthogonal bases (e.g. Walsh, Legendre)
- Hybrid approach: Combine with gradient descent for refinement
- Surrogate modeling: Use GP to approximate objective landscape

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimate: 500s for constrained optimization with 100 variables. The Haar-based formulation reduces dimensionality compared to direct optimization.
Deadline checks: Monitor solver iterations and terminate early if time expires.
Robustness:
- Constraint handling: Augment with inequality constraints for 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1
- Fallback: If optimization fails, use initial_h_values scaled to satisfy integral
- Numerical stability: Use clipping and projection to maintain bounds

6. Validation and return contract
Checks:
- np.all(0 <= h_values) and np.all(h_values <= 1)
- np.isclose(np.sum(h_values), n_points/2)
- C₅ computed as max(np.correlate(h_values, 1 - h_values, mode='full')) * dx
- Return (h_values, c5_bound, n_points) with shape (n_points,) for h_values
</strategy>