<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem of finding a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The user provided a previous approach that uses gradient descent with some perturbations, but we need to come up with something different. Let me think about what could be a better approach.

First, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all lags. The previous methods use gradient descent on the current maximum lag, but maybe that's not the most efficient way. What if we consider multiple lags at once? Or perhaps look for patterns or structures that could inherently reduce the maximum overlap?

Another angle is the structure of the function h. The current solution is a step function with n points. Maybe instead of random perturbations, we can use a more structured approach. For example, using piecewise constant functions with certain symmetries or periodic patterns. But how to ensure that the integral constraint is met?

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] must be 1. So the sum of h values multiplied by dx (which is 2/n_points) should be 1. That translates to sum(h) = n_points / 2. So any modification to h must maintain this sum. The previous methods clip and rescale after each update, which is a way to handle that.

But maybe instead of gradient descent, we can use a different optimization method. For example, a coordinate descent approach where we adjust individual points to reduce the maximum overlap. Or perhaps using a genetic algorithm, but that might be too slow for the given time budget.

Alternatively, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the objective function is non-convex because it's the maximum of several non-linear terms. Convex relaxations might be tricky here. But maybe we can use a convex relaxation for each lag and then combine them somehow.

Wait, the core problem is that the maximum over all lags complicates things. If we can find a way to handle the maximum directly, maybe by approximating it with a differentiable function. But I'm not sure how to do that without introducing errors.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a given lag k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. If we can find a function h that makes all these integrals as small as possible, that would be ideal. However, due to the integral constraint, there's a trade-off. For example, making one integral smaller might make another larger.

Hmm, maybe we can use a variational approach, considering h as a probability distribution and looking for distributions that minimize the maximum overlap. But how to handle the integral constraint?

Wait, the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of cross-correlation values. In signal processing, there are techniques for designing sequences with low cross-correlation. Maybe applying similar ideas here. For example, using a sequence with ideal cross-correlation properties, like a Barker code, but since the problem is different, the applicability might be limited.

Alternatively, considering the function h as a binary signal (but since it's a step function with values in [0,1], it's more like a continuous version). Maybe using a method that alternates between adjusting different regions of the function to balance the overlaps.

Wait, the user's previous approach uses gradient descent on the current maximum lag. What if instead, we sample multiple lags and adjust the function to target the worst-case ones? For instance, in each iteration, identify the top few lags contributing to the maximum, then compute a gradient that considers all of them. This might lead to more balanced updates and avoid getting stuck on a single lag.

Another idea: since the problem involves the maximum over all lags, maybe we can use a differentiable approximation to the max function. For example, using a soft-max or log-sum-exp trick. Then we can perform gradient-based optimization on this smoothed objective. However, this would be an approximation and may not yield the exact same results as the original problem, but it might be more tractable.

But how to handle the non-differentiability at the max points? Perhaps introducing a small epsilon to smooth the max. Then the optimization can proceed with gradients. However, this is a heuristic and might not be the most accurate approach.

Alternatively, we can use a method that alternately projects the current solution onto the feasible set (maintaining the integral constraint) and then minimizes the maximum overlap. But how to efficiently minimize the maximum overlap?

Another angle: considering the problem as a state of a system where each point in h influences all lags it's involved in. Therefore, the function h must be adjusted such that each point's value is chosen to minimize the maximum contribution across all lags. This seems like a complex interdependency, but maybe a multi-objective optimization approach could help balance these contributions.

Alternatively, using a model-based approach where we assume a certain structure for h. For example, maybe h has a symmetric pattern, or it's composed of a few distinct regions. If we can define such a structure, then the problem becomes optimizing the parameters of this structure, which could be more manageable.

But the user mentioned that starting from the initial_h_values is preferred. So any new approach should ideally use that initial solution as a starting point, modifying it in a way that could lead to a better C₅.

Wait, the previous approach tried to adjust the current maximum lag and used adaptive learning rates. What if instead of focusing on a single lag, we consider several lags and combine their gradients to create a more balanced update? For example, if there are multiple lags contributing to the maximum, adjusting the function in a way that reduces their contributions.

Another idea: since evaluating the max over all lags is computationally expensive, perhaps we can approximate it by considering a subset of lags, but that might not be reliable. However, given the time budget, perhaps we can prioritize the top lags and adjust for them.

Also, the current method uses a fixed learning rate adjustment. Maybe using a more sophisticated adaptive learning rate, like the Adam optimizer, could lead to better convergence. However, the previous code used a similar approach with step size adjustment based on success or failure.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, where we model the objective function and select the next point to evaluate based on probabilistic predictions. This could be more efficient in exploring the search space, but it's more complex to implement and might require significant computational resources.

But given the time constraint of 600 seconds, maybe a more deterministic approach is better. Let me think again about the structure of the function. The overlapping integrals are related to the autocorrelation of h. If we can design h to have low autocorrelation at all lags, that would be ideal. So the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation coefficient.

In the field of signal processing, there are techniques for designing sequences with low autocorrelation, such as the use of Golay sequences or other low-correlation sequences. However, those are typically for binary sequences or specific constraints. Since our problem is continuous and with an integral constraint, perhaps we can adapt these ideas.

For example, if we can find a function h that is approximately a periodic function with certain properties, it might lead to lower maximum overlaps. However, the exact construction is non-trivial.

Alternatively, consider using a piecewise linear function or a function with known properties that can be optimized. But how to translate that into an algorithm?

Another thought: the previous methods used gradient descent and stochastic perturbations. Maybe we can switch to a different optimization technique, such as coordinate descent, where each coordinate (each h[i]) is updated to minimize the objective, considering all lags. But since each h[i] affects multiple lags, this could be complex.

Wait, the objective is the maximum over all lags of the integral. So for each lag k, the integral is a term that we need to minimize. However, since we're taking the maximum, the function is non-convex, and there are multiple local minima.

Perhaps using a multi-objective optimization approach where we try to minimize multiple lags simultaneously. However, this isn't straightforward.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: the function h tries to minimize the maximum overlap, but the lags are trying to maximize it. This is a zero-sum game, and perhaps using game theory concepts could help, but that's likely too abstract for practical implementation.

Another approach: since the problem is a minimax optimization, perhaps we can use a method like the method of Lagrange multipliers. However, since the objective is a max of linear functions (each integral is linear in h, but the max complicates things), this might not be directly applicable.

Wait, each integral for a lag k is linear in h, because the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Wait, but since h is piecewise constant, the integral can be computed as a sum over the intervals. However, the max over lags makes it non-linear.

But perhaps we can use a convex relaxation where we replace the max with a convex surrogate. For example, replacing the max with the sum of the integrals, but this would change the problem's objective and might not yield the correct result.

Alternatively, using a primal-dual approach for the convex relaxation. However, without knowing the exact structure of the problem, this is challenging.

Let me go back to the previous strategies. The previous approach uses gradient descent on the current maximum lag, adjusting the step size based on success, and applies random perturbations. The key difference in the new approach could be to consider multiple lags at once, perhaps using a different gradient that targets multiple lags, or using a different optimization algorithm.

Wait, another idea: instead of focusing on one lag at a time, maybe we can use an alternating minimization approach. For example, fix certain parts of h and optimize others, iterating until convergence. However, this is vague without more specifics.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a binary optimization. Since h is between 0 and 1, perhaps the optimal solution is a binary function. But how to enforce the integral constraint? Maybe approximate the binary solution with a continuous function, and use a binary optimization solver, but that might be too time-consuming for large n_points.

Alternatively, use a random initialization and then refine it with a local search method. But the user wants to start from the given initial_h_values.

Another angle: the function h is a step function with n_points samples. Maybe we can model h as a combination of basis functions, such as sine or cosine, which can be optimized through their coefficients. This could lead to a more structured approach where the coefficients are adjusted to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to ensure the integral constraint is met? The coefficients would need to satisfy that condition. This seems possible, but finding the right basis functions and their coefficients is non-trivial.

Alternatively, use a Fourier series approach, since the overlap integrals are related to the Fourier transform. By ensuring that the Fourier coefficients of h are controlled in a certain way, we might achieve low overlap. But this is a high-level idea that requires more concrete steps.

Given the time constraints and the need to provide a concrete plan, perhaps the best approach is to use a different optimization algorithm, such as a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more effectively. However, the user's previous code uses gradient-based methods, and switching to a different algorithm might be a good idea.

But given the time budget of 600 seconds, a PSO might be too slow for large n_points. Let's consider the time complexity. Each iteration of PSO involves evaluating the objective for multiple particles. If n_points is 45, and with a population size of 10-20, each evaluation requires computing the max over all lags, which is O(n_points^2) time. For 600 seconds, that would be too slow.

Alternatively, use a more efficient method. Maybe a combination of coordinate descent and random perturbations, but again, similar to the previous approaches.

Let me think about the mathematical specification again. The objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. Each integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by some lag. The challenge is to find h that balances these integrals.

Wait, perhaps the key is to ensure that for all lags, the overlap is approximately the same. If we can make the integrals as uniform as possible, then the maximum will be minimized. This sounds like a balancing act. How to achieve that?

One approach is to set the function h such that it evenly distributes the "mass" of the integral over the entire interval, ensuring that no particular lag has an unusually high overlap. For example, using a function that is constant, but that would have coverage of 1/2 at all lags, leading to a C₅ of 0.5, which is worse than the current goal of 0.38. So that's not helpful.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple segments, each contributing to different lags. For instance, a step function with several on/off regions, where the on/off regions are arranged to minimize overlaps with others.

But how to design such a function? It's unclear. Maybe using a greedy approach: start with the initial solution and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum lag.

Another idea inspired by the previous strategies: instead of focusing on the current maximum lag, periodically assess the global distribution of lags and adjust the function to balance them. This could involve computing the average or median of the lags and adjusting the function to target those.

But how to implement this? For example, in each iteration, compute the top few lags and use their gradients to update the function. This could lead to a more balanced reduction across the lags.

Alternatively, use a gradient that is a combination of the gradients from the top lags. This would distribute the adjustment across multiple lags, potentially leading to a more overall improvement.

This seems like a viable direction. Let's formalize this idea.

The core idea is to consider not just the current maximum lag but also other lags that contribute to the maximum. By computing gradients from multiple lags, the function updates would target multiple areas, leading to a more balanced reduction of overlaps.

So, instead of focusing on a single lag each time, the algorithm would sample several lags (say, the top 5 or 10) and compute a combined gradient. Then, use this combined gradient to update the function. This could lead to a more efficient exploration of the search space and might help avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Additionally, the update step could include a learning rate decay to prevent overshooting and ensure convergence.

This approach would involve:

1. Evaluating the current maximum and other high lags.
2. Computing gradients for those lags.
3. Combining the gradients to form a direction for update.
4. Applying the update and ensuring constraints are met.
5. Repeating the process, checking if the maximum has decreased.

This requires modifying the previous code's gradient computation step to consider multiple lags instead of just one. The advantage is that the function adjustments are more broadly distributed, which could lead to a lower maximum overlap.

Another aspect is the initial step. Starting from the initial_h_values, the algorithm could first compute the top several lags and use their gradients to make the first few updates. This would allow the function to move in directions that reduce multiple lags at once.

In terms of implementation, the code would need to:

- For each iteration, compute the correlation values for all lags.
- Select the top K lags contributing to the maximum.
- Compute the gradients for each of these lags.
- Combine the gradients, for example, by summing them with appropriate weights.
- Update the function using the combined gradient.

This approach would make the algorithm more robust to local optima since it doesn't focus solely on the current maximum lag, which can sometimes be a local maximum.

Now, considering the mathematical specification, the gradient for multiple lags would be the sum of individual gradients. For each lag k, the gradient with respect to h[i] is the product of dx and (1 - h[i +k]) for the positive terms and -dx*h[i -k] for the negative terms. Summing these over the selected lags would give the combined gradient.

This combined gradient would then be used in the gradient descent step. The learning rate could be adjusted based on whether the update improved the maximum C₅.

Additionally, to handle the integral constraint, each update would include clipping the h values to [0,1] and rescaling to maintain the sum. This is crucial to ensure feasibility.

The main difference from the previous strategies is the consideration of multiple lags in the gradient computation, leading to a more balanced optimization. This approach should be more effective in reducing the maximum overlap across various lags.

Another consideration is the choice of K (number of top lags to consider). For example, K=5 or K=10 could be a reasonable choice. This parameter can be tuned or adapted based on the current state of the optimization.

The time budget of 600 seconds would allow for approximately 10,000 iterations, each involving computing the correlation for all lags, selecting the top K lags, computing combined gradients, performing the update, and checking constraints. This should be manageable for n_points=45.

Finally, to ensure robustness, if the maximum C₅ does not improve after a certain number of iterations, the algorithm could switch to a different strategy, such as random perturbations or a modified gradient descent with a different step size. This helps in escaping local minima.

In conclusion, the proposed approach involves computing gradients for multiple top lags, combining them to guide the optimization, and using adaptive learning rates to ensure convergence. This method should more effectively reduce the maximum overlap by addressing multiple lags at once, leading to a better C₅ bound.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
The proposed method employs a multi-lag gradient descent with dynamic lag selection to systematically reduce the maximum overlap integral. Unlike previous approaches focusing on a single lag, this strategy computes gradients from the top K lags, enabling more balanced updates that target multiple high-contribution lags simultaneously. This approach addresses the limitation of local optima by distributing adjustment across multiple lags, leading to broader improvements. The algorithm balances computational efficiency with effective exploration of the solution space.

2. Mathematical specification
We optimize over h ∈ [0,1]^n_points with ∑h = n_points/2. The objective is to minimize:
C₅ = max_k [ (1/n_points) * ∑_{i=0}^{2n_points-2} h[i] * (1 - h[i + k]) ] 
where k ∈ [-n_points+1, n_points-1]. Let C₅(k) denote the value for lag k. The algorithm computes gradients for the top K lags (K=5), computes their combined gradient, and performs gradient descent with adaptive step sizes. The gradient for a lag k is computed as:
∇C₅(k) = dx * [sum_{i} (1 - h[i + k]) for i + k < n_points] - dx * [sum_{j} h[j - k] for j - k ≥ 0]
The constraint ∑h = n_points/2 is enforced via projection after each update. The algorithm uses a decayed learning rate with initial α=0.1 and adaptive adjustment (×1.1 on success, ×0.5 on failure).

3. Implementation procedure
Input: n_points, initial_h_values, target_sum = n_points/2, dx = 2/n_points
Initialize:
- h = initial_h_values * target_sum / sum(initial_h_values)
- best_h = h.copy()
- best_c5 = evaluate_c5(h)
- iterations = 0
- time_start = time.time()

Core loop:
While time.time() - time_start < budget_s:
   iterations += 1
   - Compute full correlation = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
   - Select top K lags (K=5) with highest values
   - Compute combined gradient from these lags
   - Compute current best_n = np.max(correlation)
   - Predictive step: h_new = h - α * gradient
   - Clip h_new to [0,1]
   - Rescale h_new to maintain sum(h) = target_sum
   - Compute new_c5 = evaluate_c5(h_new)
   - If new_c5 < best_c5:
       - Update best_c5 and best_h
       - α *= 1.1 (success)
   - Else:
       - α *= 0.5 (failure)
   - Update h = h_new

Termination:
- Return best_h, best_c5, n_points

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default configuration:
- K=5 (top lags to consider)
- Initial learning rate: 0.1
- Adaptive step size: ×1.1 on success, ×0.5 on failure
- Correlation evaluation: every iteration
- Gradient computation: exact for top K lags
- Maximum iterations: 10,000 (within 600s budget)

Variations:
1. K=10: consider more lags for broader adjustment
2. K=3: balance between exploration and computational cost
3. Dynamic K: increase K when C₅ plateaus
4. Learning rate decay: decrease α exponentially after 5000 iterations

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimation: Each iteration involves ~O(n_points) operations, with 10,000 iterations fitting within 600s. Correlation evaluation (O(n_points²)) is optimized by precomputing and reusing. Memory is negligible for n_points=45. Robustness: fallback to initial_h_values if no improvement, automatic rescaling post-clipping, and convergence checks for sum(h).

6. Validation and return contract
Final checks:
1. Feasibility: assert all h[i] ∈ [0,1] and sum(h) ≈ target_sum
2. C₅ re-evaluation: recalculate C₅ with np.correlate
3. Performance: ensure C₅ < 0.38085
4. Stability: ensure h ≠ initial_h_values unless no improvement
5. Output format: return (h_values, best_c5, n_points)
</strategy>