<think>
Okay, I need to come up with a new strategy to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The previous approaches used particle swarm optimization (PSO) and differential evolution (DE), but maybe I can try something different. Let me think about what the problem requires.

The main goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and its integral over [0, 2] is 1. The challenge is that the objective function is non-convex and involves computing the maximum of a convolution-like operation. 

The previous strategies used population-based methods like PSO and DE. Maybe I can try a gradient-based approach with a more structured exploration. Wait, but the problem is non-convex, so gradient descent might get stuck in local minima. Alternatively, maybe using a combination of numerical optimization with constraints and some heuristic to avoid local optima. 

Another idea: since the integral is over different lags, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a form that allows using convex optimization techniques. For example, if I can find a way to linearize or approximate the max operation. However, the max of a set of convex functions is convex, but the integrals themselves are non-linear, so this might not be straightforward. 

Wait, the original problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. This can be written as max_{k} [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx]. Let me think about the structure here. For each lag k, the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps, I need to spread the function h in such a way that no shift leads to a large overlap. 

Maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. For example, using the Chebyshev center concept, where we want to minimize the maximum deviation. However, the problem here is more complex because it's not a single function but a maximum over multiple shifted versions. 

Alternatively, considering that the integral can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. But since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, the first term is 1. So the integral becomes 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Thus, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. Wait, no. Because the original problem is to minimize the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx. So this is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx across all k. So, if I can find a h that maximizes the minimum of the inner products with its shifted versions, that might be helpful. 

But how to model this as an optimization problem? The problem is that the inner product ∫ h(x)h(x+k) dx depends on k. The challenge is that for each k, we have a different constraint. 

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of these integrals, maybe we can model this as a semi-infinite optimization problem. However, solving such problems numerically is difficult. 

Let me think about the structure of h. The function h is a step function with n_points samples. Perhaps using a more structured approach, like a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or patterns. For example, using a two-level function where h is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others. But how to determine those intervals to minimize the overlap?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain lags, maybe we can use a greedy approach. Start with a simple h that spreads the mass evenly and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement this?

Wait, the previous strategies used population-based methods. Maybe instead of a single population, using a hybrid approach that combines global search with local refinement. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore different structures, then applying a gradient-based method to fine-tune the solution. 

But the user mentioned that using a different approach from the previous strategies is desired. Let me think about using a simulated annealing approach. It's a probabilistic technique for approximating the global optimum of a function. It allows for a more thorough exploration of the search space by accepting worse solutions with a certain probability, which can help escape local minima. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces by using a probabilistic model to guide the search. However, the problem here is that the objective function is expensive to evaluate, and Bayesian optimization might not be the best fit unless we can find a good acquisition function. 

Another thought: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of several integrals. Each integral corresponds to a different shift k. To handle this, maybe we can consider the problem as an optimization with constraints that lower bound each of those integrals. That is, for each k, we have ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx ≥ c (for some c), and our goal is to maximize c. But this would turn the original problem into a max-min problem, which is equivalent. However, solving this requires considering all k, which is infinite. 

But since we can only evaluate a finite number of k due to the discretization, perhaps we can approximate this by considering a finite set of lags. But this might not capture the true maximum, so there's a trade-off. 

Alternatively, the problem could be transformed into a convex optimization problem if we can find a way to approximate the max with a convex function. For example, using a relaxation where the max is replaced with a sum or another convex function. However, this would lead to an approximate solution rather than the exact one, which needs to be validated. 

Another idea: since the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx is the convolution of h with itself at lag k, perhaps the problem can be framed as minimizing the maximum value of the auto-correlation function of h. This is a known problem in signal processing, where the goal is to design a signal that minimizes the maximum autocorrelation. 

In signal processing, this is related to the problem of designing a signal with low autocorrelation, such as in radar or communication systems. For example, the Barker codes have optimal autocorrelation properties. However, these codes are for binary sequences and have specific length constraints. But maybe similar ideas can be applied here. 

But how to use this knowledge here? If I can design a step function h that resembles a Barker code or another sequence with low autocorrelation, that might help. However, the problem allows for continuous values between 0 and 1, not just binary. So perhaps a more flexible approach is needed. 

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function with integral 1. So, perhaps we can use a design based on spreading the function's mass in such a way that overlapping with shifts of itself is minimized. For example, using a function that is high in some regions and low in others, ensuring that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself. 

But how to translate this into an algorithm? Maybe using a numerical optimization approach with a more efficient search strategy. For instance, using a proximal gradient method with a specific objective function. However, the function is non-convex, so convergence to a global minimum is not guaranteed. 

Alternatively, considering that the integral depends on overlapping regions, maybe we can model this as a problem of finding a h that satisfies certain constraints for all k. For each k, the integral ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx should be as small as possible. This is similar to a constraint satisfaction problem. 

But with infinite k's, it's impossible to consider all of them. So, we have to approximate by considering a finite set of k's. But how to choose which k's to consider? Perhaps the maximum occurs at certain critical lags, such as the ones corresponding to the length of the function. 

Another approach: since the integral can be thought of as the overlap between h and its shifted version, we can model this as a pairwise optimization problem. For example, for the critical lags (like k=1, 2, etc.), we can impose constraints that the overlap is below a certain threshold. This would result in a constrained optimization problem with multiple constraints. 

But solving such a problem is challenging due to the large number of constraints. However, given the time budget, maybe we can focus on a subset of lags that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. 

Now, considering the previous strategies used DE and GA. Perhaps a better approach is to use a more sophisticated numerical optimization method, such as Lagrange multipliers, but that also requires handling the non-convex nature. 

Wait, here's an idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of multiple integrals, perhaps we can use a convex relaxation where we replace the max with a single variable and optimize over that. For example, let’s assume that the maximum is C5. Then, our problem becomes finding h and C5 such that for all k, ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx ≤ C5, and ∫ h(x) dx = 1. We can then minimize C5. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem. 

However, solving such a problem numerically is non-trivial. But using a finite number of k's (based on the discretization), we can approximate this. The problem becomes a constrained optimization problem with constraints for each discrete k. Then, we can use an optimization solver like CVXPY, but since the objective function involves the max of these integrals, it's non-convex, and CVXPY may not be able to handle it directly. 

Alternatively, we could form a convex relaxation by using the fact that the max of the integrals can be bounded by a convex function. For instance, using the maximum of the integrals as the objective and then applying a convex optimization technique. 

But I'm not sure how to proceed with this. Maybe instead of directly targeting the max, I can consider that the maximum is the largest integral among all lags. Therefore, to minimize this, we need to ensure that all integrals are small. So, if we can find an h that minimizes the maximum of a finite set of these integrals, that would be good. 

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use a numerical optimization method that is more effective than the previous ones. For example, using a derivative-based method like BFGS with constraints, but considering that the problem is non-convex and might not find the global minimum. 

However, the user mentioned that the previous approach used PSO and DE, which are population-based. Maybe a better approach is to use a combination of local search and global search. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate diverse candidates, then applying a local optimization method to refine each candidate. 

Alternatively, considering that the integral is the dot product between h and h shifted by k, the problem is similar to finding a vector in a high-dimensional space that has low pairwise similarity with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a code with certain properties. 

At this point, I think the most feasible strategy is to use a proximal gradient method with a specific structure for h. However, I'm not sure how to implement this. 

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps I can use a method that iteratively adjusts h to reduce the worst-case integral. For example, at each step, find the lag k that currently has the highest integral, then adjust h to reduce that integral. This is a greedy approach and might not find the optimal solution, but it's computationally efficient. 

But how to implement this? For a given h, compute all the integrals, find the maximum, then perturb h to reduce that integral. However, without a clear direction for the perturbation, this might not be effective. 

Another idea: since the integral can be written as ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx, and we want to minimize this for all k, maybe we can model this as a problem of minimizing the Frobenius norm of the auto-correlation matrix. But I'm not sure how that connects directly. 

I think I need to consolidate these thoughts into a concrete algorithm. Let's think again about the problem: the goal is to find a vector h that satisfies the constraints and minimizes the maximum of the integrals. 

The previous strategies used population-based methods. If I can find a way to model this as a convex optimization problem or a surrogate, that would be ideal. But since the problem is non-convex, perhaps a different approach is needed. 

Wait, the original problem is to minimize C5 = max_k [∫ h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx]. If I can find a way to model this as a convex function, maybe by using a convex relaxation. However, since the max is involved, it's challenging. 

Alternatively, since C5 is the maximum of several integrals, each of which can be expressed as a linear function of h (if the integrals are linear, which they are not), but this is not the case. 

Hmm. Let's think about the integrals. The integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx can be split into ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. As before, the first term is 1, so the integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing C5 is equivalent to maximizing the minimum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. 

So the problem becomes maximizing min_k ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx, subject to the constraints on h. This is a max-min problem, which is equivalent in structure to the original problem. 

Now, how can this be modeled? One approach is to use a stochastic optimization method that iteratively samples lags k and adjusts h to increase the minimum of the integrals. This would involve a two-level optimization, which might be complex. 

But for the purposes of this task, perhaps the most practical approach is to use a gradient-based optimization method with constraints, such as Sequential Quadratic Programming (SQP). However, the problem is non-convex and has multiple local optima, so SQP may not find the global minimum. 

Alternatively, using a direct search method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. This method is robust but can be slow for large n. Given the time budget of 600 seconds, it might be feasible, especially for moderate n_values. 

However, with the previous strategies using DE and GA, and the code provided by the user, perhaps the best approach is to try a different population-based method, like a genetic algorithm with a more intelligent mutation and crossover strategy. 

Wait, the user's instruction says to propose a materially different approach. The previous strategies used DE and GA. What's a different approach? Maybe using a Bayesian optimization framework with a surrogate model, such as Gaussian Processes, to guide the search. This method is more sample-efficient, which could be better within the time budget. 

Bayesian optimization works by building a probabilistic model of the objective function and using it to select the next point to evaluate. It's suitable for expensive-to-evaluate functions, which this is, as each evaluation involves computing the max of several integrals. However, the challenge is that the objective function is non-convex and has many local optima. 

To implement Bayesian optimization, I'd need to define the model, acquisition function, and the search space. The search space is the n_points-dimensional space with each dimension between 0 and 1, and the sum is fixed. 

But handling the fixed sum constraint complicates things. One way to handle it is to parameterize h in such a way that the sum constraint is automatically satisfied. For example, using a Dirichlet distribution, which generates vectors of probabilities that sum to 1. But here, the values are between 0 and 1 and the sum is fixed. 

Alternatively, I can parameterize h as a set of values with a fixed sum, which can be achieved by using a simplex-like parameterization. However, this may not be straightforward. 

Another approach is to use a constraint-handling method in the Bayesian optimization. For example, during the evaluation, if the sum of h is not equal to n/2, adjust it by normalizing. However, this might affect the optimization path. 

Given all these considerations, perhaps the best approach is to use a Bayesian optimization framework with a surrogate model, such as a Gaussian process, to guide the search. This method would allow for efficient exploration of the search space, especially with a limited number of evaluations. 

However, implementing this would require selecting a suitable library, such as Scikit-Optimize, which provides Bayesian optimization. The code would need to handle the constraints, the evaluation of the objective function, and manage the search space. 

Another possible improvement is to use multi-fidelity Bayesian optimization, where lower-fidelity evaluations (like fewer lags) are used to quickly guide the search, and higher-fidelity evaluations (full set of lags) are used later. This could be efficient. 

But the user mentioned that the time budget is 600 seconds, and the code needs to be implemented with Python and allowed libraries. Scikit-Optimize is a viable option, but I need to make sure that the code is structured properly. 

Putting this all together, here's the plan:

1. Approach: Use Bayesian optimization with a Gaussian process surrogate to find the optimal h that minimizes the maximum overlap. This allows for efficient exploration while handling the constraints.

2. Mathematical specification: Represent h as a vector of values in [0,1] with a fixed sum. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over lags. The constraints are h[i] ∈ [0,1] and sum(h) = n/2. The surrogate model is a Gaussian process that learns the objective function's behavior.

3. Implementation: Use Scikit-Optimize to perform Bayesian optimization. The search space is the n-dimensional hypercube [0,1]^n with a constraint on the sum. Each candidate solution is evaluated by computing the maximum overlap integral. The acquisition function selects the next candidate based on the model's predictions.

4. Search choices: Tune hyperparameters such as the number of initial random samples, the acquisition function (like expected improvement), and the kernel of the Gaussian process. 

5. Compute budget: Estimate the time required for each evaluation and the number of iterations within the time budget. Use early stopping if the improvement stalls.

6. Robustness: Handle constraint violations by normalizing the vector to meet the sum constraint. If the evaluation fails, use a fallback solution.

Now, I need to formalize this into the strategy block, making sure all the necessary steps are detailed and the code can be implemented.
</think>

<strategy>
1. Approach and rationale
This strategy employs Bayesian optimization with a Gaussian process (GP) surrogate to find the optimal step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral C₅. This approach balances exploration and exploitation by learning the objective's structure, leading to faster convergence than random search or traditional population-based methods. The GP surrogate allows us to efficiently navigate the non-convex search space while respecting the integral constraint. The key innovation is using a latent space parameterization that ensures the sum constraint is inherently satisfied, avoiding costly normalization steps.

2. Mathematical specification
Let h ∈ ℝⁿ be a vector of step function values at n discrete points. Variables satisfy:
0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1 for all i
∑ₙ h[i] = n/2

Objective: Minimize C₅ = max_k [∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx] ≈ max_k [ (np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full') * dx)]

Constraints:
- Dimensional consistency: h has shape (n,)
- Integral constraint: ∑h = n/2
- Bounded values: 0 ≤ h[i] ≤ 1

The problem is transformed into an unconstrained optimization over a parameterization that embeds the sum constraint. Let θ ∈ ℝⁿ be a latent variable representing relative proportions, then h[i] = θ[i] / ∑θ. This ensures the sum constraint is satisfied regardless of scaling.

3. Implementation procedure
Inputs: n_points (from `initial_h_values`), seed, budget_s
Steps:
a. Validate initial_h_values: Rescale to ensure ∑h = n_points/2
b. Parameterize h via θ = initial_h_values * n_points/2 / ∑initial_h_values
c. Initialize Bayesian optimization with Scikit-Optimize
d. For each iteration until time expires:
   i. Generate candidate θ via GP-based acquisition function (expected improvement)
   ii. Normalize θ to h = θ / ∑θ
   iii. Evaluate C₅:
      - Compute cross-correlation: corr = np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full')
      - Find maximum value: c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
   iv. Update GP model with new (θ, c5) pair
   v. Track best solution found
e. Return the best h_values, C₅ bound, and n_points

4. Search choices and useful variations
Default parameters:
- Initial random samples: 50
- Acquisition function: Expected Improvement (EI)
- GP kernel: Matérn 3/2 (balanced exploration/exploitation)
- Max iterations: 150 (with early stopping if no improvement for 50 iterations)
- Adaptation rule: Increase EI exploration coefficient by 10% every 50 iterations

Variations to try:
- Kernel learning: Switch to RBF kernel if EI performance stagnates
- Multi-fidelity: Evaluate approximate objective (fewer lags) first
- Gradient-based refinement: Use L-BFGS-B on top 10% of candidates

5. Compute budget and robustness
Time estimate: ~500s for 150 iterations with 50 initial samples. The GP model's efficient updates allow full iterations. 
Deadline checks: Track elapsed time after every 5 iterations, terminate early if budget is nearing.
Robustness:
- Constraint handling: Always normalize θ to h = θ / ∑θ
- NaN prevention: Clip negative values to 0 and rescale
- Fallback: If objective is invalid, use initial_h_values scaled to constraint

6. Validation and return contract
Checks:
- 0 ≤ h_values[i] ≤ 1 for all i
- np.isclose(np.sum(h_values), n_points / 2)
- C₅ computed as max(np.correlate(h_values, 1 - h_values, mode='full')) * dx
- Return (h_values, c5_bound, n_points) with shape (n_points,) for h_values
</strategy>