<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with a perturbed initial guess. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let me think about possible improvements.

First, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2]. The previous code uses a fixed initial guess and perturbs it, then runs SLSQP. But maybe this is too simplistic. Let's consider alternative strategies.

One idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization method. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a global optimization approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local optima. However, those methods might be too slow for the given time budget. Alternatively, using a different local optimizer with better settings.

Another angle: the cross-correlation is maximized over shifts k. The integral over the overlap for each shift k is the same as the cross-correlation. To minimize the maximum of these values. So perhaps the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum of several functions. Maybe using a multi-objective optimization approach, or splitting the problem into subproblems.

Wait, the previous code uses a single objective function that returns the maximum cross-correlation. But when optimizing, the algorithm might not properly balance the different shifts. Maybe instead of optimizing for the maximum directly, we can use a penalty method that penalizes large values across all shifts. However, that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess can be improved. The current initial_h_values is given with n=95 points. Maybe starting from a different initial configuration could lead to better results. For example, using a more structured initial guess, like a piecewise constant function with specific patterns that are known to be good for similar problems.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted version. This resembles the concept of "mutual coherence" in signal processing. Maybe there's a way to model this using Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation in the time domain corresponds to the product in the frequency domain. However, I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Wait, the cross-correlation integral can be expressed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these overlaps. Perhaps using a Fourier-based approach to model the problem, but I'm not certain.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a game between two players: one trying to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other trying to maximize it. Maybe using a game-theoretic approach, but again, not sure.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, maybe the function h is designed to be as "spread out" as possible. For example, using a piecewise constant function with equal intervals, but adjusted to minimize overlaps. But how?

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) and a fixed dx. Maybe varying the number of points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. The initial code uses n=95, which is manageable. Maybe trying with fewer points could lead to better results, but the current target is to beat 0.380876. Let me think about the previous result of 0.384245. The current best is lower, so there's room for improvement.

Another approach: instead of using a single optimization run, perhaps using a more systematic search. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters of the function h. But with the time budget, that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h. But implementing that might be complex and time-consuming.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using a different method. However, the SLSQP method might not be the best here. What about using a different solver, like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead? Or using a more robust optimization library like Pyomo or CVXOPT?

Wait, the problem allows using CVXPy with solvers like ECOS, which is a convex optimization solver. However, the problem is non-convex because the objective is the maximum of several nonlinear functions. So convex optimization might not be applicable here. But perhaps a relaxation could be considered. However, I'm not sure.

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is maximized over k, maybe we can find the k that gives the highest value and focus on minimizing that. However, the maximum could be achieved at different k's, so it's a multi-modal problem.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model for the maximum cross-correlation. For example, approximate the maximum using a few key shifts, and optimize based on that. But this is heuristic.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbed initial guess and runs multiple restarts. Maybe increasing the number of restarts or using different perturbation strategies could help. For example, using larger perturbations initially, then smaller ones. Or using a different initial guess altogether.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better initial guess. For example, a function that is designed to have minimal overlap. Maybe using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that avoids overlapping with its shifts. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3 and 0 otherwise, but adjusted to fit the integral constraint. However, this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess based on known solutions for similar problems. For example, if there's a known optimal function for a similar problem, adapting it here.

But since I don't have access to such information, maybe I should focus on improving the existing approach.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with a constraint on the sum of h. The objective is the maximum cross-correlation multiplied by dx. The problem is that the maximum is a non-smooth function, which might make the optimization difficult. Maybe using a different formulation where the objective is to minimize the maximum, but with a penalty term that encourages lower values across all shifts.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time budget might be challenging, especially with the need to evaluate many candidates.

But given the time constraints, maybe a better approach is to refine the existing method. For example, increasing the number of restarts, using a better initial guess, or adjusting the optimization parameters.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation of the initial guess. Maybe instead of perturbing the initial guess, we can generate multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, using different patterns for the initial h, such as varying the number of intervals or the positions of the steps.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, being periodic or having a specific pattern that repeats. If I can design an initial guess with such symmetry, it might lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 for a certain length and 0 for another, ensuring that the shifted versions don't overlap too much.

But how to determine the optimal segments? This seems like a combinatorial problem. Maybe for a small number of points, it's feasible to try different configurations, but with 95 points, that's not practical.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a fixed number of intervals. For example, dividing [0,2] into m equal intervals, and setting h to 1 on some of them and 0 on others, ensuring the integral is 1. Then, optimizing the selection of intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. However, this would be a discrete optimization problem, which might be difficult.

But perhaps for the initial guess, using such a structured approach could help. For example, if the initial guess is a function that is 1 on m intervals and 0 elsewhere, with m chosen to balance the integral. Then, the optimization could be done on the positions and lengths of these intervals. However, this is more complex than the current approach.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=95). Maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using a smaller n_points, which allows for faster computation. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but the current initial guess is already with n=95. Maybe trying with n=100 or n=200, but the time budget is limited. However, the previous code uses n=95, so perhaps that's the best approach.

Alternatively, using a different discretization. For example, using a non-uniform grid where the function h has more points in regions where the overlap is more sensitive. But this complicates the implementation.

Another idea: the cross-correlation integral can be rewritten as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is equivalent to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. So the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. However, this might not directly help, but it's an alternative perspective.

But how does this help in optimization? Maybe it's easier to maximize the minimum of these integrals, but again, it's a multi-objective problem.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is 1 minus the minimum of the cross-correlation terms. So, perhaps focusing on maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. However, this seems similar to the original problem.

Another approach: using a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, this is a heuristic and might not lead to the global optimum.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to refine the existing code. Let's think about the previous code's limitations. It uses a single initial guess with perturbations and runs SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of restarts and using different perturbation strategies could help. For example, using larger perturbations initially, then smaller ones. Or using multiple different initial guesses, not just perturbations of the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might handle the non-smooth objective better. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach with a surrogate model.

But implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex. Alternatively, using a more robust optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe changing the method to 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' could help. However, these methods have different requirements and may not perform better.

Another idea: the cross-correlation is evaluated over all possible shifts k. However, in the code, it's computed as np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all shifts. The maximum of these is taken. But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts, and focusing the optimization on those shifts could be more effective. For example, if we can identify the k values that are most critical, we could adjust the optimization to target those.

But how to identify those k values? It might require prior knowledge or an initial exploration phase. However, with limited time, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different structures and running the optimization for each. This could help avoid local optima.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of restarts (5). Maybe increasing the number of restarts could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, this might not be feasible.

Wait, the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code runs multiple restarts, each with an optimization. Each optimization takes some time. If the code can be optimized to run faster, more restarts could be done. For example, using a faster method, or reducing the number of iterations in each optimization.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances or more iterations. Or using a different solver, like 'SLSQP' with the 'scipy.optimize' library's implementation.

Another idea: the problem has a constraint on the sum of h. The previous code uses an equality constraint. Maybe adding additional constraints or regularization terms could help. For example, encouraging the function h to be smooth or have certain properties.

But I'm not sure how to incorporate that into the optimization. Adding a regularization term to the objective function could help, but it's unclear what form that would take.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Improve the initial guess by using a more structured or different initial configuration.
2. Use a more effective optimization method or parameters.
3. Increase the number of restarts or use different perturbation strategies.
4. Explore different numbers of points (n_points) to find a better balance between resolution and computation time.
5. Consider alternative formulations of the problem or different ways to model the objective function.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

- Using a better initial guess.
- Increasing the number of restarts.
- Using a different optimization method.
- Adjusting the perturbation strategy.

Let me think about the initial guess. The current code starts with initial_h_values, which is given. Maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, creating a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced to minimize overlap. For instance, if the function is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced in a way that shifting by certain amounts would not overlap much. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on a set of intervals that are non-overlapping when shifted by certain amounts. However, designing such a function requires knowledge of the optimal configuration, which we don't have.

Another idea: the initial guess could be a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere. However, this would have a high overlap when shifted, so it's probably not optimal. But perhaps modifying it by adding more intervals.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on multiple intervals, arranged such that their shifts do not overlap much. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced with gaps of G, such that L + G is optimized for minimal overlap. This is similar to a periodic function with certain properties.

But without knowing the optimal parameters, this is just a guess. However, perhaps the initial guess could be generated by dividing the interval [0,2] into several intervals and setting h to 1 on some of them, ensuring the integral is 1.

For example, suppose we divide [0,2] into m intervals. Let's say m=5. Then, the length of each interval is 2/m. To have the integral of h be 1, we need the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 to be 1. So, if we have k intervals of length L, then k*L = 1. So L = 1/k. The number of intervals k would determine the spacing.

But this is just one possible structure. However, implementing this as an initial guess could be done. For example, choosing k=3 intervals of length 1/3, spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized.

But how to choose the spacing? This seems like a complex problem, but perhaps for the initial guess, we can use a simple pattern, like placing the intervals evenly spaced.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by a certain distance, ensuring that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This is similar to a binary code with certain properties.

However, without knowing the optimal configuration, this is speculative. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the existing code but make some modifications.

Let me consider modifying the previous code. For example:

- Increase the number of restarts to 10 or 20.
- Use a different perturbation strategy, such as adding random noise with different amplitudes.
- Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.
- Use a different initial guess, perhaps a more structured one.

But how to implement these changes?

First, let's think about the initial guess. The current code uses initial_h_values. Maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced to minimize overlap. Let's say for n_points=95, we divide the interval into 3 intervals of length 1/3, but this would require a certain number of points. However, with 95 points, it's possible to create such a structure.

But how to create such a structure programmatically? For example, setting h[i] to 1 for certain ranges and 0 otherwise. However, this would be a specific initial guess, which might not be optimal. But perhaps it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are non-overlapping when shifted by certain amounts. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals that are spaced by a distance greater than the interval length. This would minimize the overlap when shifted by that distance.

But again, without knowing the optimal parameters, this is challenging.

Another idea: use a function that is 1 on a single interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. Then, when shifted by k=1, the overlap would be zero. However, the integral is 1, which satisfies the constraint. But this might not be optimal for other shifts. For example, shifting by k=0.5 would result in overlap. However, this is just a simple function and might not be the best initial guess.

But perhaps this could be a starting point. Let's say the initial guess is a single interval of length 1. For n_points=95, this would mean setting h[i] to 1 for the first 50 points (since 2/95 ≈ 0.021, so 1/0.021 ≈ 47.6, so around 48 points). But this is just a rough calculation.

However, the previous code uses initial_h_values, which might already be a better starting point. So perhaps modifying the initial guess is not the best approach.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed dx and n_points. Maybe trying with a different number of points. For example, using n_points=100. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but the initial code uses n=95. Maybe trying with n=100 could allow for more precise optimization. However, with the time budget, it's unclear.

Alternatively, using n_points=100 and adjusting the code accordingly. But without knowing the impact, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the main improvements could be:

1. Increasing the number of restarts and using different perturbation strategies.
2. Using a different optimization method.
3. Exploring different initial guesses.

Given the time constraints, I'll proceed with modifying the existing code to increase the number of restarts and use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that might handle the problem better.

Additionally, I'll increase the number of restarts to 10, and use a more aggressive perturbation strategy. Also, I'll use a different initial guess, perhaps one that is more spread out.

But since the initial guess is provided as initial_h_values, perhaps generating a different initial guess is not possible. However, maybe the initial guess can be modified. For example, creating a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere, then perturbing it.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on multiple intervals, spaced to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to proceed. Therefore, the best approach might be to refine the existing code by increasing the number of restarts and using a different optimization method.

So, the modified code would:

- Use more restarts (say, 10).
- Use a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B').
- Use a different perturbation strategy, such as adding larger perturbations initially and then smaller ones.

Additionally, the code could use a different initial guess, but since the initial_h_values is given, perhaps it's better to use that.

Another idea: the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method with constraints. Maybe using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances could help. Or using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds well.

Alternatively, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might handle the non-smooth objective better.

But the choice of method depends on the problem's characteristics. Since the objective is the maximum of several functions, which is non-smooth, the 'Nelder-Mead' method might be more robust.

However, the 'Nelder-Mead' method doesn't handle constraints well, so the previous code's use of 'SLSQP' with constraints is better.

In summary, the modified code would:

- Increase the number of restarts.
- Use a different optimization method.
- Use a more aggressive perturbation strategy.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes.

The previous code uses 'SLSQP' with a constraint. Let's try using 'L-BFGS-B' instead, which is a bounded optimization method. Also, increase the number of restarts to 10.

Additionally, the perturbation function could be modified to add larger perturbations initially, then smaller ones. For example, in the first few restarts, use larger perturbations, then smaller ones.

But how to implement this? For example, in the perturb function, use a random seed and add a larger perturbation for the first few restarts.

Alternatively, in the perturb function, use a larger amplitude for the first few restarts.

Another change: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (100). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but this might take more time.

Given the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of restarts and the number of iterations per optimization.

In the modified code, I'll:

- Increase the number of restarts to 10.
- Use the 'L-BFGS-B' method.
- Use a different perturbation strategy, perhaps with larger initial perturbations.
- Use more iterations per optimization.

But I need to make sure the code runs within the time budget.

Another idea: using a multi-objective approach, but this is complex.

Alternatively, using a different way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and using a more efficient method. However, the current code uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

In conclusion, the modified code would include these changes. Now, let's write the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
from scipy.optimize import Bounds

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Assume initial_h_values is a global variable
    initial_h = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    # Define the objective function
    def objective(h):
        cross_corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(cross_corr)
        return max_corr * dx

    # Define constraints
    def constraint(h):
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Function to perturb the initial guess
    def perturb(h, seed=None):
        np.random.seed(seed)
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, size=len(h))
        return np.clip(h + perturbation, 0.0, 1.0)

    # Run multiple optimizations
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_h.copy()

    # Number of restarts
    num_restarts = 10

    for i in range(num_restarts):
        # Perturb the initial guess
        h_initial = perturb(initial_h, seed=seed + i)
        # Perform optimization
        result = minimize(objective, h_initial, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}, options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'gtol': 1e-8})
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
        else:
            # If optimization fails, try the perturbed guess
            current_c5 = objective(h_initial)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = h_initial

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```