<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with some initial guesses, but it didn't reach the target. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used a random initial guess and SLSQP optimization. But maybe that's not sufficient. Let me consider the lessons mentioned. They suggested using constrained optimization with SLSQP, which the previous code already does. So maybe the issue is with the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The initial code uses n_points=47. Maybe using a larger n_points could help, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred. However, the user wants to optimize within 100 seconds, so maybe a balance between n_points and the number of iterations is needed.

Wait, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values (n=47) and adds a random initial guess. But maybe starting from a better initial guess could help. Also, the optimization might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using multiple initial guesses or different optimization strategies could help.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible. This is similar to a covering problem, where h is a measure that is spread out to avoid overlapping too much with its shifted versions.

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. But calculating the maximum over all k might be computationally expensive. However, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. But maybe there's a way to approximate this more efficiently or focus on certain shifts.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a more tractable form. For example, since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k could be considered modulo 2. But I'm not sure how that helps directly.

Another approach: since the integral is over x, and the function h is piecewise constant, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we adjust the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1 or 0. However, this might be complex.

Wait, the problem allows using any optimization method, including those from scipy. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe other methods like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization could find better solutions. However, the user mentioned that the code must use scipy, numpy, and possibly other solvers like CVXOPT, etc. But the previous code used SLSQP with constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as gradient-based methods with better initializations, or incorporating more constraints.

Another thought: the current code uses a single objective function that is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which might make optimization difficult. Perhaps we can approximate this maximum by considering a subset of shifts, or use a penalty method where we penalize large values of the cross-correlation.

Wait, but the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so it's a minimax problem. The previous code directly optimizes the maximum, but maybe using a different formulation would help. For example, introducing a variable t and minimizing t subject to the cross-correlation for all k being ≤ t. This is a convex problem if the cross-correlation is convex in h, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, since the cross-correlation is a linear operation, perhaps the maximum can be handled via a linear programming approach. However, the maximum over k would make it a semi-infinite problem, which is difficult. But with discretization, we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k values.

Wait, the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap might occur at certain specific shifts. For example, the maximum could be achieved when k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. But how to find those shifts?

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at k=0, but that would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the variance of h. But since the integral of h is 1, the variance is minimized when h is uniform. However, the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, so maybe other shifts are more critical.

Another idea: maybe the optimal h is periodic or has some symmetry. For example, if h is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 would lead to some overlap. But I'm not sure.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses SLSQP with constraints. The problem is that the objective function is non-convex, so the optimization might get stuck in local minima. To improve this, perhaps using multiple initial guesses, or using a more global optimization method.

But the user has a time budget of 100 seconds. So perhaps the code can run multiple optimization runs with different initializations, maybe with different numbers of points. However, the initial code uses n_points=47, which is the length of initial_h_values. Maybe trying different n_points could help. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, but maybe a slightly larger n_points could allow for better optimization.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values are not the best starting point. The user says that the initial_h_values are provided, but perhaps generating better initial guesses could help. For example, using a more informed initialization based on known optimal structures.

Wait, the Erdős problem is related to the covering problem, and the optimal solution for C₅ is known to be around 0.38... So maybe there are known constructions or patterns that can be used as initial guesses.

Another approach: the problem is similar to designing a binary sequence (since h is a step function) with certain properties. However, since h can take any value between 0 and 1, it's more flexible. But perhaps using a binary-like approach with certain intervals set to 1 and 0 could help.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So the function is balanced between 0 and 1. To minimize the maximum overlap, the function should avoid being too concentrated in any region, so that shifting it doesn't lead to high overlaps.

Perhaps the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals where it is 1 and 0, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much. For example, if the function has intervals of 1 and 0 arranged periodically, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Another thought: since the cross-correlation is involved, maybe the problem can be transformed into a convolution problem. However, the cross-correlation between h and 1-h is the same as the convolution of h with (1-h) reversed. But I'm not sure if that helps directly.

Let me think about the previous code's performance. The initial code achieved a C₅ of 0.3846, which is worse than the target. So the code needs to find a better solution. Perhaps the optimization isn't thorough enough. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method could help.

Alternatively, maybe the code should use a different objective function. For example, instead of directly minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of the cross-correlations, but that might not lead to the same result.

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum cross-correlation. So the objective is to find h such that the maximum over all k of the cross-correlation is as small as possible. This is a minimax problem. The previous code uses the maximum as the objective function, which is correct.

But the optimization method might not be handling this well. For example, SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Perhaps using a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could explore the solution space better. However, scipy's optimize doesn't have those methods built-in, but maybe using a different approach.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method with better convergence properties. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients but can sometimes find better minima. However, the previous code used SLSQP, which is gradient-based.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach. For example, minimize t subject to the cross-correlation for all k being ≤ t. This is a convex problem if the constraints are convex. However, the cross-correlation is linear in h, so for each k, the constraint is linear. But the maximum over k would make it a semi-infinite problem. However, with discretization, we can approximate it by considering a finite number of k values.

So, perhaps we can formulate this as a linear programming problem. Let me think: the cross-correlation for a particular shift k is the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is a linear function of h if we discretize it. However, since the integral is over a continuous domain, discretizing it would lead to a linear approximation. But with the current discretization approach, the cross-correlation is computed as a convolution, which is a linear operation.

Wait, the cross-correlation between h and 1-h is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The maximum of this is the value we want to minimize. However, this is a non-convex objective function. So using linear programming might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps using a convex relaxation. But I'm not sure.

Another approach: since the problem is to find a step function h with integral 1, maybe we can model h as a set of intervals where it takes values 0 or 1, and optimize the positions and widths of these intervals. However, this would be a combinatorial problem, which might be difficult to solve with continuous optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the optimal h might have a certain structure, like being composed of several intervals where it is 1 or 0, arranged periodically. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Perhaps the key is to use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a known structure or by using a more informed initialization.

Another idea: the current code uses only two initial guesses: the initial_h_values and a random one. Maybe using more initial guesses, such as ones generated by different methods, could help. For example, generating initial guesses based on periodic patterns or other structures.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method, such as using multiple starting points and running the optimization in parallel, but with the given time budget, this might not be feasible.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same n_points (47) for all runs. Maybe trying different n_points could yield better results. For example, using a larger n_points might allow for more precise optimization, but it would take more time. However, the user wants smaller sequences, so maybe a balance is needed.

Alternatively, using a smaller n_points but with more iterations. However, the time budget is limited.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. To make the optimization more tractable, maybe we can approximate this maximum by considering only a subset of shifts. For example, if we can find which shifts are most critical, we can focus on those. However, without knowing which shifts are important, this is speculative.

Alternatively, using a surrogate function for the maximum. For example, using a quadratic approximation or other methods to approximate the maximum.

But I'm not sure how to proceed with that.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all runs. Maybe varying the initial guess more thoroughly could help. For example, using a grid search over different initial configurations, but again, time is limited.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which handles bounds and constraints well. Or using 'L-BFGS-B' if the problem is smooth.

Wait, the previous code uses 'SLSQP' which is suitable for equality constraints. But maybe 'L-BFGS-B' could be better for this problem, especially if the objective is smooth.

Another thought: the previous code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap might occur at specific shifts. For example, when k is such that the shift causes the overlap between the 1s and 0s of h to be maximized. So perhaps focusing on certain shifts could help. But how to determine which shifts to consider?

Alternatively, since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. 

Wait, this is an important observation. The overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. 

But how does this help? Well, the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx is the cross-correlation of h with itself at shift k. So maximizing the minimum of this cross-correlation over k would help in minimizing the maximum overlap integral. 

This might suggest that the optimal h should have high cross-correlation for some k and low for others, but the goal is to make sure that the minimum cross-correlation is as high as possible. 

But I'm not sure how to use this insight in the optimization. Maybe it's a different way to think about the problem, but the previous approach was already considering the cross-correlation.

Another idea: since the problem is to maximize the minimum of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can model this as a bilevel optimization problem. However, solving such problems is computationally intensive.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx is related to the autocorrelation function of h. So the problem becomes finding a function h with integral 1 that maximizes the minimum of its autocorrelation over all shifts k. 

But again, how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Perhaps the key is to use a better optimization method. For example, using a more robust solver like IPOPT, which is available via the 'IPOPT' solver in scipy. However, the user mentioned that the code can use solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. But the previous code uses SLSQP. 

Alternatively, using a different solver that can handle the problem more effectively. For example, using 'SLSQP' with more iterations or better settings.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all runs. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using a grid-based initialization or other methods to generate different starting points.

Alternatively, using a random search with a large number of initial points, but this might be time-consuming.

Another thought: the current code uses the 'full' mode of np.correlate, which returns all possible shifts. However, the maximum overlap might occur at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the interval length. But without knowing which shifts are critical, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum occurs at k=0, but that would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the variance of h. Since the integral of h is 1, this is 1 - integral h(x)^2 dx. To minimize this, we need to maximize the integral of h(x)^2 dx, which would be achieved by making h as concentrated as possible. However, this is conflicting with the goal of minimizing the maximum overlap over all shifts. So perhaps the optimal h balances between minimizing the variance and other overlaps.

But this is getting too abstract. Let me think about practical steps to improve the code.

The previous code's main issue might be that it's not exploring the solution space sufficiently. To address this, perhaps using a different optimization method, such as a global optimization algorithm, or running multiple optimizations with different initial guesses.

Another idea: using a more sophisticated initial guess. For example, generating an initial guess based on a known structure. For instance, if the optimal h is a periodic function with certain properties, we can construct an initial guess accordingly.

Alternatively, using a heuristic approach to generate an initial guess. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 for half of them and 0 for the other half, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap much.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, using a more informed initialization. For example, using a binary sequence with certain properties and then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses only two initial guesses. Increasing the number of initial guesses could help escape local minima. For example, generating multiple random initial guesses and running the optimization on each.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible. However, since the code is allowed to run for up to 100 seconds, perhaps running multiple optimizations in parallel could help. However, the code must be written to run sequentially.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same n_points (47) for all runs. Maybe trying a different n_points could lead to better results. For example, using a larger n_points (say 100) allows for more detailed optimization, but it might take more time. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, but perhaps the trade-off is worth it.

But how to decide? The user's previous code used n=47, and the target is to get a better bound. Maybe trying a larger n_points could allow for a more precise solution.

Alternatively, using a smaller n_points but with more iterations. However, the time is limited.

Another idea: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with the default settings. Perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, such as the tolerance or the maximum number of iterations, could lead to better results.

For example, increasing the number of iterations or tightening the tolerance could allow the optimizer to find a better solution.

So, putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use a larger number of initial guesses, not just two. For example, generate multiple random initial guesses and also use the initial_h_values.

2. Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA', which might handle the problem better.

3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more iterations or tighter tolerances.

4. Consider using a different n_points, perhaps larger than 47, but within the time budget.

5. Evaluate the maximum cross-correlation more efficiently, perhaps by focusing on certain shifts or using a different approach to compute it.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to:

- Use more initial guesses.

- Use a different optimization method.

- Adjust the optimization parameters.

Let me think about implementing this.

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code used two initial guesses: the initial_h_values and a random one. Let's increase this to, say, 5 initial guesses. This can be done by generating multiple random initial guesses and adding them to the initial_guesses list.

Second, using a different optimization method. For example, 'L-BFGS-B' might be better for this problem. However, this method requires bounds, which we already have.

Third, adjusting the optimization parameters, such as setting a higher maxiter or a lower tolerance.

Additionally, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the 1-h array once and reusing it for each evaluation.

Another possible improvement: the previous code computes the cross-correlation for each optimization run. However, this can be time-consuming. Maybe precomputing the 1-h array once and reusing it would save time.

Also, the current code uses the 'full' mode of np.correlate, which returns a longer array. However, the maximum overlap might be achieved at certain shifts. For example, the shifts that are within the range of the function's support. So perhaps the maximum occurs at shifts between -2 and 2, but the code is considering all shifts. However, since the function is defined on [0,2], the cross-correlation for shifts beyond a certain point would be zero. So maybe the maximum is achieved within a certain range of shifts.

But I'm not sure. For the purposes of the code, perhaps it's better to keep the current approach.

Putting this together, here's the revised plan for the code:

- Generate multiple initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and several random ones.

- Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA'.

- Adjust the optimization parameters to allow more iterations.

- Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

- Track the best solution found and return it.

Now, implementing this in code.

First, the initial_guesses can be generated with more random initializations. For example, generate 5 initial guesses.

Second, changing the optimization method. Let's try 'L-BFGS-B' which is a conjugate gradient method that can handle bounds.

Third, adjust the optimization parameters. For example, set 'maxiter' to a higher value, say 1000, and 'tol' to 1e-6.

Fourth, precompute the 1-h array once for each optimization run to save computation time.

But how to do that? The objective function would need to take h as input and compute the cross-correlation. However, in the current code, the objective function is defined inside the loop for each guess. So, for each optimization run, the 1-h array can be computed once.

Wait, the objective function is defined inside the loop for each guess. So, for each guess, the objective function is redefined. That might be inefficient. Perhaps precomputing 1-h once for all optimization runs would help.

Alternatively, during the optimization, for each h, compute 1-h and then the cross-correlation.

But the code is already doing that. So perhaps no change needed there.

Another thing: the current code uses the full cross-correlation, which includes all shifts. However, the maximum might be achieved at certain specific shifts. For example, the maximum could be achieved when k is such that the overlap between h and 1-h is maximized. But without knowing which shifts, it's hard to say.

Another possible optimization: since the cross-correlation is symmetric, maybe we can consider only a subset of shifts. For example, shifts from 0 to 2, but in practice, the code already considers all shifts.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The new code would:

- Generate multiple initial guesses (say, 5).

- For each guess, run the optimization with a different method and parameters.

- Track the best solution found.

Let me draft the code.

First, the initial_guesses would be generated with more random initializations.

Then, for each guess, run the optimization with method='L-BFGS-B' or another method.

Also, adjust the constraints and bounds.

Additionally, perhaps adding more constraints or modifying the objective function.

But I need to make sure the code is within the time budget.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same n_points (47) for all runs. Maybe trying a larger n_points could allow for better optimization. However, the user said smaller sequences are preferred, but if it helps, it's worth trying.

But for the sake of time, perhaps keeping n_points=47 is better.

So, the revised code would look like this:

Import necessary modules.

Define a function to generate initial guesses, including multiple random ones.

In the run function, generate several initial guesses, run the optimization for each, and track the best solution.

Use a different optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B'.

Adjust the optimization parameters.

Now, let's write the code.

But I need to make sure that the code is efficient and within the time budget.

Another thing: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with equality constraints. The new code could use 'L-BFGS-B' with the same constraints.

So, in the code, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx.

But for 'L-BFGS-B', the objective function must be differentiable. The maximum of the cross-correlation is not differentiable, but perhaps in practice, the optimizer can still find a good solution.

Alternatively, the code could use a penalty method, where the objective is the maximum cross-correlation plus a penalty for violating the constraints. But this is already handled by the constraints.

In any case, the code must be written.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all runs. To avoid getting stuck in local minima, generating more diverse initial guesses is better.

So, the code would generate multiple initial guesses, say 5, and run the optimization for each.

Now, putting it all together.

The final code would:

- Use multiple initial guesses.

- Use a different optimization method.

- Adjust optimization parameters.

- Track the best solution.

Now, writing the code.

Also, note that the initial_h_values are provided, so we can use that as one of the initial guesses.

So, the code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, LinearConstraint

def generate_random_initial(n_points):
    h = np.random.rand(n_points)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(h)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    h *= scaling_factor
    h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
    return h

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    for _ in range(4):  # generate 4 more random initial guesses
        initial_guesses.append(generate_random_initial(n_points))
    
    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        def objective(h):
            corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            dx = 2.0 / n_points
            return max_corr * dx
        
        A_eq = np.ones(n_points)
        b_eq = n_points / 2
        cons = [LinearConstraint(A_eq, b_eq, b_eq)]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Use L-BFGS-B method with more iterations
        result = minimize(objective, guess, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, tol=1e-6, maxiter=1000)
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    if best_h is None:
        best_h = initial_h_values
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)

But wait, the 'L-BFGS-B' method may not handle the constraints as well as 'SLSQP'. Also, the 'maxiter' and 'tol' parameters are set to 1000 and 1e-6, which might take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Another thing: the 'L-BFGS-B' method requires the objective function to be differentiable, but the max_corr is not differentiable. However, the optimizer might still work, as the maximum is achieved at certain points, and the gradient is approximated.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations.

But perhaps the previous code's issue was that it didn't explore enough initial guesses. By increasing the number of initial guesses, the code might find a better solution.

Another possible improvement: using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, combining both methods.

But given the time, perhaps the code should use multiple initial guesses and a different optimization method.

Another thing to consider: the current code returns the best_h, best_c5, and n_points. The initial_h_values are provided, so the code starts with that and adds more guesses.

This should increase the chances of finding a better solution.

Another possible optimization: precompute the 1-h array once for each optimization run, but in the current code, it's computed inside the objective function. However, since the objective function is called multiple times during optimization, this might be inefficient. To optimize, we can precompute 1 - h once, but since h is changing during optimization, this is not straightforward. So perhaps no change is needed.

In conclusion, the revised code would generate more initial guesses, use a different optimization method, and adjust parameters to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, LinearConstraint

def generate_random_initial(n_points):
    h = np.random.rand(n_points)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    current_sum = np.sum(h)
    scaling_factor = target_sum / current_sum
    h *= scaling_factor
    h = np.clip(h, 0.0, 1.0)
    return h

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    
    # Generate multiple initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_h_values]
    for _ in range(4):  # generate 4 more random initial guesses
        initial_guesses.append(generate_random_initial(n_points))
    
    best_h = None
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        def objective(h):
            corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            dx = 2.0 / n_points
            return max_corr * dx
        
        A_eq = np.ones(n_points)
        b_eq = n_points / 2
        cons = [LinearConstraint(A_eq, b_eq, b_eq)]
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        
        # Use L-BFGS-B method with more iterations
        result = minimize(objective, guess, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds, constraints=cons, tol=1e-6, maxiter=1000)
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = result.fun
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    if best_h is None:
        best_h = initial_h_values
        best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```