<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and we need to get it down to around 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The function h is a step function on [0, 2] with values in [0, 1], and the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1. The overlap integral C₅ is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Our task is to minimize this maximum value.

The previous code used a gradient descent approach starting from an initial guess. However, the result wasn't good enough. So I need to think of a better approach.

Let me think about the lessons from earlier attempts. The first lesson mentioned computing the cross-correlation for the objective function. The previous code already does that. So maybe that's not the issue. 

Another thought: maybe the gradient descent approach is getting stuck in a local minimum. Perhaps a different optimization strategy would work better. For example, using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms. But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient method is needed.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The code starts from initial_h_values, which might be suboptimal. Maybe trying different starting points could help. But how to generate better starting points?

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem. We want to arrange the function h such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized. Maybe there's a way to model this with some periodicity or symmetry.

Wait, the integral constraint is that the area under h is 1. So h is like a probability distribution over [0, 2]. The overlap integral measures, for each shift k, the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). So we want to minimize the maximum of these expectations over all k.

Hmm. Maybe there's a way to model this as an optimization problem with constraints. But since it's a minimax problem, it's challenging. 

Let me think about the previous code. It uses gradient descent with a fixed learning rate. Maybe that's too simple. Perhaps using a more adaptive learning rate or a different optimization method would help. Also, the code computes the gradient for the current maximum k, which might not be the best approach. Maybe we should consider all possible k's during the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different parameterization. For example, instead of using a step function with fixed points, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with more flexibility. But the problem requires using a step function represented as samples.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a method that alternates between optimizing for different shifts. For example, for each shift k, find the h that minimizes the overlap for that k, then adjust h to also consider other shifts. But this seems like a multi-objective optimization problem.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a greedy approach. Start with an initial guess, then iteratively improve it by adjusting the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap, while maintaining the integral constraint.

Wait, the previous code does something similar. It finds the k with maximum overlap, computes the gradient for that k, and updates h. But maybe this is too myopic. Perhaps considering multiple k's at once could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum, maybe we can use a Lagrangian approach, where we try to balance the overlaps for different shifts. However, this would require solving a complex optimization problem with many variables.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm approach. Generate a population of h functions, evaluate their C₅ values, and evolve them over generations. This could potentially escape local optima. However, with the time constraints, this might be too slow unless optimized.

But given that the previous code uses gradient descent and didn't reach the target, perhaps a better approach is needed. Let me think about the parameters. The previous code uses a fixed learning rate and a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the learning rate dynamically or using momentum could help.

Also, the initial guess might be important. The current initial_h_values are from a previous attempt. Maybe starting with a different initial guess, such as a more uniform distribution, could lead to better results.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2], so the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe the initial guess is already a uniform distribution. But perhaps a better initial guess is one that has more structure, like alternating between 0 and 1 in a way that reduces overlaps.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a signal with minimal cross-correlation with itself. In that case, using a set of orthogonal functions or using a binary sequence with certain properties could help. However, since we're dealing with a continuous function over [0, 2], maybe there's a way to model this with periodic functions or using Fourier analysis.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a periodic pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that shifting by that interval leads to minimal overlap.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts, perhaps we can design h to have a specific structure that minimizes these overlaps. For example, if we can ensure that for all k, the overlap is below a certain threshold.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a convex optimization approach. However, the objective function is non-convex, so this might not be straightforward. But maybe we can approximate it with a convex relaxation.

Alternatively, think of this as a game between two players: one trying to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other trying to maximize it. The minimax problem. But how to model that?

Alternatively, since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, perhaps we can use a penalty method. For example, minimize the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx for the worst-case k, subject to the integral constraint. But again, this is a complex optimization problem.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses gradient descent, which might not be sufficient. Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization library like CVXPY could help. However, the previous code uses numpy and scipy, and the user mentioned that CVXPy is allowed.

Wait, the user's code uses numpy and scipy. The previous code uses gradient descent, but perhaps using a more advanced optimization method could help. For example, using a constrained optimization problem with CVXPY, where we try to minimize the maximum overlap.

But how to model the maximum overlap as a constraint? Since the maximum is over k, which is a discrete set of shifts. For each possible k, we can compute the integral and then take the maximum. However, with a large number of k's, this could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, since the function h is a step function with n_points samples, the number of possible k's is limited. For example, for a given h with n_points samples, the possible shifts k can be from 0 to 2 - dx, but since we're dealing with discrete samples, maybe the shifts are integers in some range.

Wait, the cross-correlation in the code uses mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, for the problem, we need to consider shifts k that are such that x + k is within [0, 2]. So the possible k's are in [-2, 2], but since h is defined on [0, 2], the actual shifts that matter are those where x + k is still in [0, 2]. So for each x in [0, 2], the shift k must be in [-x, 2 - x]. But since we're dealing with the maximum over all k, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain specific k's.

But how to model this in the optimization. Maybe for each possible k, compute the integral and then take the maximum. However, with the number of k's being large, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of these integrals, perhaps we can use a bilevel optimization approach, where we minimize the maximum over k of the integral, subject to the integral constraint.

But this is a challenging problem. Given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method, such as using a genetic algorithm with a population of h functions, evolving them to minimize the maximum overlap.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a genetic algorithm is feasible. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but perhaps manageable.

Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. Each particle represents a candidate h function, and the swarm moves towards better solutions.

But how to represent the h function. Since h is a step function with n_points samples, each particle can be a vector of n_points values between 0 and 1, with the sum equal to n_points / 2.

The fitness function for each particle is the C₅ value, which we want to minimize. The PSO would then adjust the particles' positions to find the minimum.

However, implementing PSO might be more efficient than gradient descent, especially if the landscape is complex and has many local optima.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. But again, this requires careful implementation.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a fixed learning rate and a fixed number of iterations, maybe we can use a more adaptive method. For example, using a learning rate that decreases over time, or using momentum to accelerate convergence.

But how to implement this in code. Let's think about the previous code's structure. It has a loop for max_iterations, computes the gradient for the current k_max, updates h, and clips it. Maybe we can modify this to consider multiple k's during the optimization.

Alternatively, for each iteration, compute the gradient for all possible k's and take the maximum, but that might be computationally expensive.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed learning rate. Maybe using a line search to find the optimal step size for each update could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library like scipy.optimize.minimize with a suitable method. For example, using the SLSQP method with constraints. But how to model the problem.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over k, subject to the integral constraint. This is a constrained optimization problem. However, since the maximum is over k, it's a minimax problem, which is difficult to handle directly.

But perhaps we can approximate it by considering a few key k's. For example, if we can find the k's that are most critical, then optimize for those. However, this is heuristic.

Alternatively, we can use a relaxation approach. For example, assume that the maximum occurs for a specific k, then optimize for that k. But this might not be accurate.

Alternatively, use a convex relaxation by assuming that the maximum is achieved for a particular k, then solve the problem for that k. However, this is not guaranteed to find the true minimum.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try a different optimization method, such as using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions, and evolve them over generations to find the minimum C₅.

But how to implement this efficiently. Let's outline the steps:

1. Initialize a population of h functions. Each h is a vector of n_points values between 0 and 1, with sum equal to n_points / 2.

2. For each h in the population, compute its C₅ value.

3. Select the best h functions based on their C₅ value.

4. Apply crossover and mutation to generate new h functions.

5. Repeat until a stopping criterion is met (e.g., time budget).

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and 10 CPUs, this might be feasible if the population size is small and the evaluation is fast.

However, implementing this in Python with the given constraints might be challenging, especially considering the need to handle the integral constraint and the cross-correlation computation.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the scipy.optimize library's minimize function with a suitable method.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the integrals for different k's). This is a non-smooth optimization problem. However, if we can approximate the maximum with a smooth function, perhaps we can use a gradient-based method.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of the integrals for all k's, but this might not be effective.

Another idea: since the previous code didn't achieve the target, perhaps trying a different starting point would help. For example, using a different initial guess, such as a more structured function.

For instance, if we can create a function h that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, such that shifting it by any k would lead to minimal overlap. For example, if h is a periodic function with period 2/3, then shifting by 2/3 would lead to overlaps that are minimized.

But how to design such a function. Let's think: if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/3 and 0 elsewhere, arranged periodically, then shifting by 1/3 would cause overlaps between the 1s and 0s. But this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, considering the problem's symmetry. The interval [0, 2] can be divided into regions where h is 1 or 0. For example, if we have three regions of equal length, each with h being 1 for one-third of the time and 0 for the rest. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, using a binary sequence that avoids long runs of 1s or 0s, which could help in minimizing overlaps.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Maybe trying to generate a better initial guess.

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value is 0.5. So the function h is like a probability distribution. The overlap integral for a shift k is the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)). To minimize the maximum of these expected values, perhaps we can model this as a problem of designing a distribution that is as "spread out" as possible.

In information theory, this resembles designing a distribution that is maximally spread out, which could be related to uniform distributions. However, since we have a fixed integral, the uniform distribution would have h(x) = 0.5 for all x, leading to an overlap integral of 0.5 * 0.5 = 0.25 for any shift. But this is not possible because the integral of h(x) would be 1, which matches the constraint. Wait, no: if h(x) is 0.5 for all x, then the integral over [0, 2] is 0.5 * 2 = 1, which satisfies the constraint. Then, for any shift k, the overlap integral would be the integral of 0.5*(1 - 0.5) dx = 0.5 * 0.5 * 2 = 0.5. So C₅ would be 0.5. But this is worse than the current record of 0.38. So this suggests that a uniform distribution is not optimal.

Hmm, so the uniform distribution isn't the best. Therefore, the optimal h must have some structure that allows for lower maximum overlap.

Another idea: perhaps the optimal h is a binary function (taking values 0 and 1) with certain properties. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged such that shifting by any k would result in minimal overlap.

But how to find such intervals. For example, if h is 1 on [0, a] and [b, 2], and 0 in between, then the overlap for shifts k would depend on the positions of these intervals. However, finding the optimal a and b is non-trivial.

Alternatively, using a more complex structure with multiple intervals. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into three parts, each with different values.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. Maybe the previous code's initial guess is a binary function with certain intervals, and we can try to improve it.

Another thought: since the previous code uses gradient descent, perhaps the issue is that the learning rate is too small or the number of iterations is insufficient. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the learning rate could help. However, the previous code has a fixed number of iterations (1000) and a fixed learning rate (0.01). Maybe experimenting with different learning rates or using a learning rate schedule could improve results.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method like Adam or RMSprop, which adaptively adjust the learning rate.

But how to implement this in the code. The previous code uses a simple gradient descent. Let's think about modifying it to use a more advanced method.

Alternatively, using the scipy.optimize library's minimize function with a method like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'SLSQP', which can handle constraints.

Wait, the problem has a constraint that the sum of h is n_points / 2. So we can model this as a constrained optimization problem. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation integrals, which is non-smooth. However, if we can approximate the maximum with a smooth function, perhaps we can use a gradient-based method.

But the maximum is over k, so for each h, we compute the cross-correlation and take the maximum. This is a non-smooth function, making it challenging for gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where we minimize the sum of all cross-correlation values, but this might not focus on the maximum.

Alternatively, we can use a surrogate function that approximates the maximum. For example, using the maximum of several cross-correlation values for different k's. But this is again a heuristic.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try a different optimization strategy, such as using a genetic algorithm with a population of h functions, evolving them to minimize the C₅ value.

Let me outline how this could work:

1. Initialize a population of h functions. Each h is a vector of n_points values between 0 and 1, with sum equal to n_points / 2.

2. For each h in the population, compute its C₅ value.

3. Select the top-performing h functions based on their C₅ values.

4. Apply crossover and mutation to generate new h functions.

5. Repeat steps 2-4 for a number of generations, until the time budget is reached.

This approach could potentially explore the solution space more thoroughly and avoid local optima.

But how to implement this efficiently in Python. Let's think about the steps:

- The population size could be around 100-1000 individuals, depending on the time budget.

- Each evaluation of a h function requires computing the cross-correlation and finding the maximum, which is O(n_points^2) time. For n_points=100, this is manageable.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and 10 CPUs, this could be feasible.

However, the previous code uses n_points=80. Let's assume that the initial h_values have n_points=80. So for each h, computing the cross-correlation is O(80^2) = 6400 operations. For 1000 individuals, this is 6.4 million operations per generation. With 100 generations, this would be 640 million operations, which might be too slow for Python in 100 seconds. However, with some optimizations, perhaps it's manageable.

Alternatively, using a smaller population size and fewer generations.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the genetic algorithm approach is not feasible. Let's think of other ideas.

Another idea: since the previous code uses gradient descent, maybe the issue is that it's not considering all k's during optimization. Perhaps modifying the code to consider multiple k's during each iteration.

For example, instead of just finding the current maximum k and optimizing for that, compute the gradients for several top k's and average them. This could lead to a more balanced optimization.

Alternatively, during each iteration, compute the gradient for the current maximum k, and also for a few other k's, and update h in the direction that reduces all of them.

But how to implement this. Let's say we compute the gradient for the top 3 k's, then take a weighted average of the gradients and update h accordingly. This could help in reducing the maximum overlap more effectively.

Another idea: use a more sophisticated optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients. However, this might be slower than gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, using a combination of gradient descent and random perturbations to escape local optima.

But without knowing the exact structure of the problem, it's challenging to proceed. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient optimization method, such as using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with a suitable method.

Let me think about how to model this as an optimization problem. The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation integrals for various k's. However, this is a non-smooth function, making it difficult to use gradient-based methods. But perhaps we can approximate it by using a differentiable surrogate.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, we can use a method that minimizes the maximum by considering the worst-case k. This is a minimax problem, which can be approached with a penalty method.

For example, we can minimize the sum of all cross-correlation integrals, but this might not focus on the maximum. However, if we can find a way to penalize the maximum, it could help.

Alternatively, using a Lagrange multiplier to incorporate the constraint. But again, the problem is the non-smooth nature of the objective.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try to improve the previous code by using a more efficient optimization method, such as using the scipy.optimize library's minimize function with a method like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'SLSQP', and adding the constraint that the sum of h is n_points / 2.

But how to handle the non-smooth objective. Since the objective is the maximum of several smooth functions, perhaps we can approximate it by using a differentiable function, such as the maximum of the cross-correlation values for several k's.

For example, we can select a set of k's that are likely to be the maximum, and compute the maximum of those. This would make the objective function smooth, allowing gradient-based methods to work.

Let me think: if we can find a few k's that are critical, then the maximum of the cross-correlation for those k's would be a good approximation of the true maximum. Then, we can use gradient descent to minimize this approximate objective.

This approach would require selecting the critical k's dynamically during the optimization process. For example, during each iteration, compute the cross-correlation for all k's, select the top few, and use those for the objective function.

This could help the optimization process focus on the most critical shifts, leading to better results.

So, modifying the previous code to use this approach:

1. For each h, compute all cross-correlation values and select the top few (e.g., top 5) k's.

2. Use the maximum of these values as the objective function.

3. Perform gradient descent on this objective function.

This would make the objective function smooth, allowing gradient-based methods to work more effectively.

In the previous code, the objective function was the maximum of all cross-correlation values, which is non-smooth. By approximating it with the maximum of a few k's, we can make it differentiable.

This approach might help the optimization converge to a better solution.

So, implementing this in code:

- For each h, compute the cross-correlation for all k's, find the top few k's, and use the maximum of those as the objective.

- Then, compute the gradient for this objective and update h accordingly.

This would require modifying the compute_C5 function to select the top k's and compute the maximum among them.

Let me think about how to implement this. For example, in the previous code, the compute_C5 function returns the maximum of all cross-correlation values. Instead, we can select the top 5 k's and take the maximum among those. This would make the objective function smooth, as the maximum of a few values.

This approach could potentially lead to better convergence.

Another idea: during the optimization, after finding the current maximum k, we can also consider nearby shifts, as the maximum might be sensitive to small changes in k.

Putting this together, the plan is:

- Modify the previous code to use a more efficient optimization method, such as using scipy.optimize.minimize with constraints.

- Use a surrogate objective function that is the maximum of a few cross-correlation values.

- Adjust the learning rate and other parameters to improve convergence.

But how to implement this in code. Let's think about the steps.

First, we need to define the objective function as the maximum of a few k's. For example, in each iteration, compute the cross-correlation for all k's, select the top 5, and use the maximum of those as the objective.

Then, compute the gradient for this objective. However, since the objective is the maximum of a few values, the gradient would be the gradient of the selected k's.

But how to compute this gradient. The previous code computes the gradient for the current maximum k. If we select multiple k's, we can compute the gradient for each of them and take a weighted average.

Alternatively, during each iteration, we can compute the gradient for the current maximum k and update h accordingly.

This seems similar to the previous approach but with a better selection of k's.

Another idea: instead of just using the current maximum k, we can use a few of the top k's and average their gradients. This could lead to a more balanced optimization.

In the previous code, the gradient is computed for the current maximum k. If we instead compute the gradient for the top 5 k's and take the average, this could lead to a more effective update.

So, modifying the previous code to compute gradients for multiple k's and average them.

Let me outline the steps:

1. Compute the cross-correlation for all k's and find the top 5 k's.

2. For each of these k's, compute the gradient of the cross-correlation with respect to h.

3. Average these gradients and use them to update h.

This would help the optimization process consider multiple critical shifts, leading to better convergence.

This approach could potentially reduce the maximum overlap more effectively than focusing on a single k.

So, modifying the previous code to do this:

In the loop:

- For each iteration, compute the cross-correlation for all k's and find the top 5 k's.

- For each of these k's, compute the gradient.

- Average the gradients and update h.

This would require modifying the compute_gradient_for_k function to handle multiple k's.

But how to implement this efficiently. For example, in the previous code, compute_gradient_for_k is called for a single k. We can modify it to compute gradients for multiple k's and average them.

This would require changing the loop to compute gradients for multiple k's.

This seems like a promising approach. Let's think about implementing this.

Another thing to consider is the learning rate. If we are averaging gradients from multiple k's, the learning rate might need to be adjusted to prevent overshooting.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed learning rate. Perhaps using a learning rate that decreases over time could help convergence.

In summary, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

- Compute the top k's for each iteration.

- Compute gradients for these k's and average them.

- Update h using the averaged gradient.

- Adjust the learning rate dynamically.

This should lead to a more effective optimization process.

Now, let's think about how to implement this in code.

First, in the compute_C5 function, instead of returning the maximum of all k's, we can select the top few k's and take their maximum. However, for the purpose of the optimization, we need to compute the gradient of this objective function.

But the previous code computes the gradient for a single k. To compute the gradient for multiple k's, we can modify the compute_gradient_for_k function to take a list of k's and return the average gradient.

Alternatively, during each iteration, we can compute the gradients for the top k's and average them.

This would require modifying the code as follows:

In the loop:

- Compute the cross-correlation for all k's.

- Find the top 5 k's.

- For each of these k's, compute the gradient.

- Average the gradients.

- Update h using the averaged gradient.

This would require changing the gradient computation to handle multiple k's.

Let me outline the code changes:

In the previous code, the compute_gradient_for_k function takes a single k. We can modify it to take a list of k's and return the average gradient.

But in practice, for each k in the list, we compute the gradient and sum them, then divide by the number of k's.

So, in the loop:

k_list = [k1, k2, ..., k5]

grad = 0

for k in k_list:

    grad += compute_gradient_for_k(h, k)

grad /= len(k_list)

Then, update h -= learning_rate * grad.

This would average the gradients from the top k's.

This approach could lead to better convergence.

Another thing to consider is the learning rate. Maybe using a learning rate that decreases over time, such as a decay schedule.

Additionally, the previous code clips h to [0, 1] and scales it to maintain the integral constraint. This is important to ensure that the solution remains valid.

Putting this all together, the modified code would:

- For each iteration:

   - Compute the cross-correlation for all k's.

   - Select the top 5 k's.

   - Compute the gradient for each of these k's.

   - Average the gradients.

   - Update h with the averaged gradient.

   - Clip h to [0, 1].

   - Scale h to maintain the integral constraint.

This should lead to a more effective optimization process.

Another possible improvement is to use a more sophisticated learning rate schedule, such as decreasing the learning rate over time.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, this approach might be feasible, especially if the number of iterations is limited.

In terms of code, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (1000). However, with the time budget, we might need to adjust the number of iterations or use a more efficient method.

Another possible optimization is to reduce the number of k's considered. For example, instead of selecting the top 5 k's, select the top 3. This would reduce the computational load.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code to:

1. Select multiple k's (e.g., top 3 or 5) during each iteration.

2. Compute gradients for these k's and average them.

3. Use a learning rate that decreases over time.

4. Adjust the number of iterations based on the time budget.

This should lead to a more effective optimization and potentially better results.

Now, let's implement this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import time
from scipy.optimize import minimize

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    global initial_h_values
    np.random.seed(seed)
    
    # Start with initial guess
    h = initial_h_values.copy()
    n_points = len(h)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    def compute_C5(h):
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def compute_gradients(h, k_list):
        grad = np.zeros_like(h)
        for k in k_list:
            epsilon = 1e-4
            for i in range(len(h)):
                h_plus = h.copy()
                h_plus[i] += epsilon
                corr_plus = np.correlate(h_plus, 1 - h_plus, mode='full')
                val_plus = corr_plus[k]
                h_minus = h.copy()
                h_minus[i] -= epsilon
                corr_minus = np.correlate(h_minus, 1 - h_minus, mode='full')
                val_minus = corr_minus[k]
                grad[i] += (val_plus - val_minus) / (2 * epsilon)
        return grad / len(k_list)
    
    def objective(h_vec):
        h = h_vec.copy()
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    def constraint(h_vec):
        return np.sum(h_vec) - target_sum
    
    # Optimization setup
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        h,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=[(0, 1) for _ in range(n_points)],
        constraints={'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint},
        options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'gtol': 1e-8}
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = compute_C5(best_h)
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```