<think>
Okay, let me try to figure out how to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code uses an initial guess based on certain waveforms and then optimizes using SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral with its shifted version. The integral is computed as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1 over [0,2].

The previous code starts with an initial guess, then uses multiple optimization steps. But maybe that approach is too localized. Perhaps a better idea is to use a different optimization strategy that can escape local optima more effectively. Also, maybe the initial guess could be more tailored.

Another thought: the problem resembles the covering problem or scheduling, where we want to distribute the "1" values of h in such a way that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. Maybe a structured approach like placing the 1s in a periodic pattern, but adjusted to minimize overlaps.

Wait, the initial_h_values are 45 points. Maybe using a more optimal initial configuration could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain periods. Like a periodic function with specific duty cycles or spacing between the steps.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be approached by considering the Fourier transform. Since we're dealing with correlations, which in the frequency domain become products. Maybe analyzing the problem in terms of frequency components to find a configuration that minimizes the maximum correlation.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Not sure yet. Let's think about the optimization.

The previous code uses differential evolution and then SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, could explore the search space better. But given the time budget, especially with 100 seconds, maybe that's too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient gradient-based method with better initial points. But the initial guess might still be the main issue.

Another angle: the current best is achieved with a certain number of points. The previous code uses n=45. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation. But the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe sticking with n around 50-100 is better, since larger n would take more time.

Wait, the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So perhaps using n=50 or 60 points instead of 45 could be better. But the initial_h_values are given as 45 samples. So maybe starting with that and trying to optimize it further.

Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess could be constructed. For example, a more optimal distribution of h(x) values. Let's think about the integral: the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The idea is to have h(x) and h(x+k) not both 1 in regions where their overlap is high.

Wait, but since h is a step function, perhaps it's better to have h(x) be 1 in certain intervals that are spaced out so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For instance, if h is 1 for intervals of length L, then shifting by certain amounts would cause the overlap between these intervals to be minimized.

The Erdős problem's constant is related to the minimum maximum overlap. The known best constructions use specific periodic patterns, like dividing the interval into equal parts. For example, the current record might be achieved with a 5- or 6-periodic function.

Wait, but C₅ is related to the 5th case, so maybe there's a specific structure for 5. But I'm not sure. Maybe the previous code's approach of using different waveforms as initial guesses is not optimal. Maybe trying to create an initial guess based on a known good configuration, like a certain number of intervals.

Another idea: the previous code used waveforms like pulse, saw, and triangle. Maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a combination of multiple pulses with different offsets and widths to try to cover the interval without overlapping too much when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over x, and for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). So for each k, we want this integral to be as small as possible. The maximum of these integrals over k is C₅. So the goal is to arrange h(x) such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and the shifted (1 - h) is minimized.

This is similar to designing a set of positions (where h(x) is 1) such that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. So maybe arranging the intervals where h is 1 in a way that they are spaced apart by certain distances.

For example, if h(x) is 1 for intervals of length L, then the maximum overlap when shifted by k would be something like (L * (1 - m * L)), where m is the number of overlaps. Wait, not sure. But in the case of a single interval, shifting by k where k is within the interval would cause overlap. Maybe the optimal arrangement is to have overlapping intervals as spaced as possible.

But how to model this in code? It's challenging. Maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy that can find a better configuration. For instance, using a genetic algorithm, which can explore more diverse solutions, but with time constraints.

Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization or other hyperparameter tuning methods to adjust the parameters of the initial guesses. But again, time is limited.

Another thought: maybe the previous approach of using SLSQP and differential evolution is getting stuck in local optima. To avoid that, perhaps using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, or using a more robust optimization method.

Wait, the previous code already uses multiple initial guesses. Maybe adding more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns like binary patterns, random patterns, or structured patterns based on specific mathematical properties.

But generating those patterns algorithmically would be better. For example, using a binary representation of numbers to create patterns, or using a sawtooth wave with certain parameters. The previous code tried some of those.

Another idea: since the integral is a maximum over k, perhaps the worst case is when k is such that the shifted h overlaps with h as much as possible. So trying to minimize the maximum overlap for all possible k. So the function h needs to be designed such that its overlap with all its shifts is as small as possible.

This problem is similar to the problem of finding a function with minimal autocorrelation, but with the twist that it's not the autocorrelation of h, but rather the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h).

Autocorrelation minimization is a known problem, and some methods like using a random binary sequence with certain properties are used. However, in this case, it's more complex because we have to consider the cross-correlation with the complement of h.

Alternatively, perhaps using a random construction where h is a binary vector with certain properties. For example, using a random set of positions for where h is 1, ensuring that the proportion is 1/2 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2], so the sum of h is n_points / 2).

But how to ensure that the cross-correlation is minimized? Using a random initial guess and then optimizing it might not be effective. But perhaps with some structure.

Wait, but the previous code uses an initial guess based on waves. Maybe that initial guess could be improved by using a more optimal structure. For example, a construction that divides the interval into parts where h is 1 for certain lengths, ensuring that the shifts do not align the intervals.

Alternatively, considering the problem in terms of the Fourier transform. The cross-correlation between h and (1 - h) can be expressed as the inverse Fourier transform of the product of the Fourier transforms. However, since h is a step function, this might not directly apply, but it's an area worth exploring.

But I'm not sure how to apply this to the optimization. Maybe using frequency domain methods to design h to have minimal correlation, but translating that into the time domain would be complex.

Another angle: the current lower bound is 0.38085. To improve this, perhaps the code should focus on making the maximum overlap integral as small as possible. The previous approach tried various initial guesses and optimized them. Maybe trying to use a different optimization strategy, such as a Bayesian optimization or a more efficient global optimization method.

But given the time constraints, maybe using a combination of strategies. For example, starting with the initial guess, then using a local optimization method with different starting points, and then using a global optimization method for a few iterations.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, if there's a known good construction for C₅, perhaps using that as the starting point. But since the user hasn't provided such a construction, it's hard to know.

Wait, the initial_h_values are given as 45 samples. Maybe modifying that structure. For example, using a more uniform distribution or adjusting the existing structure to reduce overlaps.

But how? The initial_h_values might be a certain pattern. For example, if the initial h is a periodic function with some duty cycle. Maybe adjusting the duty cycle or the frequency to better minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, using a different approach to construct h. For instance, using a combination of multiple intervals where h is 1, with spacing between them to minimize overlaps when shifted.

But how to encode that into a step function? Maybe by having h(x) be 1 in specific regions spaced apart, and 0 otherwise. The number of regions would depend on the number of points n.

For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, each of length l, then the total area is m * l = 1 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2]). So m * l = 1. The spacing between the intervals would affect the overlap when shifted.

But how to choose m and l? Maybe trying different values and optimizing.

Alternatively, using a grid-based approach where h is 1 on certain points and 0 elsewhere, and then adjusting positions to minimize overlaps. But this is similar to the existing approach.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like an interior point method with better convergence properties, or using a fixed number of iterations but with more aggressive parameters.

But the problem is that without knowing the exact optima, it's hard to tell. Perhaps the previous code could be modified to use a more aggressive optimization, like increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the convergence tolerance.

Also, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and then tries different guesses. Maybe generating more varied guesses, such as random permutations, or using a different initial structure, like a binary sequence with certain properties.

Another thought: the integral for the overlap is over x and k. But since k can be any real number, it's possible that the worst case is when k is within a certain range. However, the numerical evaluation in the code uses the full correlation, which considers all shifts. So the code computes the maximum over all possible shifts, which is correct.

But maybe there's a smarter way to sample the shifts or focus on shifts that are more critical. However, the current approach already samples all possible shifts via the convolution.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the sampling of h. For example, instead of using a uniform grid, perhaps using a non-uniform grid where the function h(x) has more points in regions where overlaps are likely to be high. But that complicates the code and may not be worth it within the time budget.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to designing a pulse shape with minimal autocorrelation, perhaps using a binary sequence with minimal correlation. For example, using the Barker codes, which have minimal autocorrelation, but they are designed for specific lengths.

However, Barker codes have short lengths and their properties may not directly apply here. But maybe a similar approach could be used, where the sequence of h(x) is constructed to minimize cross-correlations.

Alternatively, using a low-discrepancy sequence to distribute the 1s in h more evenly, thereby reducing overlaps when shifted. This is similar to the idea of uniform distribution in the interval [0,2].

For example, using a Sobol sequence or Halton sequence to generate the positions where h(x) is 1. However, this would require generating positions such that the integral is 1. Then, for each position, h(x) is 1 there, and 0 elsewhere. But since h is a step function, this would be a discrete approximation.

But how to translate this into the code? Maybe by generating a set of points where h(x) is 1, ensuring the total area (number of points times dx) is 1. Then, using these points as the initial guess.

But generating such a sequence would require some code. For example, using a random permutation of positions, or using a low-discrepancy sequence.

But given the time, perhaps the previous approach of using different waveforms and optimizing is better. Maybe modifying the initial guesses to include more such patterns.

Wait, the previous code created guesses for different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more patterns could help. For example, including a piecewise constant function with periodicity, or a rectangular function with certain properties.

Alternatively, using a combination of pulses with different frequencies. For instance, a multi-pulse signal that's designed to minimize overlap.

Another possible improvement: the current approach uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe trying with a different number of points, like 50, to see if a better solution is possible. However, the code may need to adjust the initial_h_values accordingly.

But the initial_h_values are provided, and the code uses that. So if the initial_h_values are for 45 points, changing that might not be allowed. Unless the code uses a different initial guess.

Alternatively, maybe the code can start with a different initial configuration. For example, if there's a known better initial guess, but since the user hasn't provided one, it's hard to know.

Another idea: the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 100. Maybe increasing the population size could allow for better exploration of the search space, but it would take more time. However, with the given budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine with local optimization. This is what the previous code does, but perhaps adjusting the parameters for differential evolution could help.

Another possible tweak: adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in differential evolution to better explore the search space. For example, using a higher mutation factor for a few iterations and then lowering it.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for differential evolution. Maybe increasing that, but it would take more time. However, the code has a budget, so perhaps it's better to find a balance.

In summary, possible improvements:

1. Use a different initial guess based on known patterns (like low-discrepancy sequences, periodic functions, etc.)
2. Use a more efficient optimization strategy, such as combining differential evolution with local optimization, and tuning parameters.
3. Explore more varied initial guesses, such as different waveforms and patterns, to avoid local optima.
4. Increase the number of evaluation points (n_points) if allowed by the time budget, to get a better approximation.
5. Adjust convergence criteria to allow for more accurate solutions within the time budget.

Considering the previous code's structure, perhaps the main issue is the initial guess and the optimization strategy. To improve, maybe using a more structured initial guess, such as a low-discrepancy sequence, and then optimizing it.

Alternatively, the initial guess could be modified to be more optimal. For example, if the initial h_values are constructed in a way that is already a good candidate, but perhaps adjusting them further.

But since I can't see the initial_h_values, I have to rely on the code's existing initial guess. However, based on the problem statement, the initial_h_values are provided as a starting point, so it's best to use them.

Another possible tweak: use a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, maybe using a more robust method like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, but given the constraints, it's unclear.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to sample promising regions of the parameter space. However, implementing Bayesian optimization would require additional code and might be complex.

Given the time constraints, the best approach might be to stick with the previous method but with some modifications to the initial guesses and optimization steps.

For instance, adding more initial guesses based on different patterns, or adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution to allow more exploration.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps focusing the optimization on the worst-case shift. However, since the maximum over all shifts is the objective, it's challenging to directly target the worst case.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Use the initial guess from initial_h_values and generate additional initial guesses based on different patterns (like periodic, sawtooth, etc.).
- Use differential evolution for global optimization followed by SLSQP for local refinement.
- Tune the parameters of differential evolution (like population size, mutation, recombination) to balance exploration and exploitation.
- Ensure that the code runs within the time limit by carefully managing the number of iterations.

Now, translating this into code adjustments. The previous code already uses multiple guesses. Maybe adding more guesses with different waveforms. Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to have a larger population size or more iterations.

Another possible improvement is to reduce the number of points, which speeds up the code. For example, if n_points is 45, the code can process it faster. However, the previous code uses that. So perhaps it's best to stick with the existing n_points.

Finally, the code returns the best solution found. So the key is to find a better optimization strategy and more effective initial guesses.

Another possibility: using a multi-stage optimization. First, use differential evolution with a large population to find a good initial guess, then apply SLSQP for fine-tuning. Also, perform multiple rounds of optimization with different initial guesses.

Considering all these points, the next step is to modify the previous code to include more varied initial guesses, perhaps using different waveforms, and adjust the parameters of the optimization steps to improve the chances of finding a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 45
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points

    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def gen_wave(freq, duty, wave_type):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if wave_type == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'tri':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty

    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'tri'))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))

    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g

    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c

    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```