<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution with some initial guesses, but maybe there's a better approach. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So even a slight improvement could help.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated as the max of the convolution of h and 1-h. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], and h is between 0 and 1.

The main idea is to design an h that spreads out the 1s and 0s in such a way that when shifted by any k, the overlap (product of h and 1-h) is minimized. This seems related to minimizing the maximum overlap across all shifts.

The previous approach uses a mix of optimization methods and initial guesses. But maybe a different strategy could work better. Let's think about optimization techniques. The current method uses SLSQP for local optimization and differential evolution for global search. However, maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting parameters could lead to better results.

Another thought: the interaction between different shifts. Since the overlap integral is max over all k, maybe we can model this as a non-convex optimization problem and use global optimization techniques. However, differential evolution might be too slow for large n_points, which is why the user prefers smaller n_points. Wait, the previous code uses n=45, which is manageable, but maybe even smaller n is better.

Wait, the problem says that for smaller sequences (less than 1k samples) are preferred because they are faster. The initial construction is with n=45, which is small. So maybe we can try even smaller n, but the user's target is to bring down the bound below 0.380876. But perhaps the existing approach can be modified to be more efficient.

Looking at the previous code's structure, it uses several initial guesses, like pulse waves, sawtooth, triangular waves, and random guesses. Then, it applies SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize. The issue might be that the initial guesses are not diverse enough or not well-suited for the problem.

Alternative approach: Use a more structured initialization. For example, instead of random guesses, create structured patterns like periodic functions with specific frequencies and duty cycles. The current code already tries some of that, but maybe more options can be explored. For example, using multiple waveforms with different parameters, or combining them.

Another idea: Since the problem involves minimizing the maximum overlap, it's similar to a covering problem. We need h(x) to avoid overlapping with shifted versions of itself. This suggests that h should have a structure that spreads out the 1s and 0s as much as possible. For instance, using a pattern where 1s are placed periodically with gaps, ensuring that any shift would not align too many 1s with the 0s of the original h.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe the initial guess can be constructed with a periodic pattern that has certain properties. For example, a periodic function with a specific period that divides the interval [0,2], ensuring that shifting by certain amounts would not align with the original function.

Wait, the interval is [0,2]. If we can design h to be periodic with period T, then shifting by multiples of T would result in overlaps that can be controlled. But since the interval is finite, the actual periodicity might be tricky. Alternatively, using a combination of periodic patterns that tile the interval.

Another thought: the problem resembles the concept of a "greedy" algorithm in covering. For example, placing 1s as spread out as possible, then placing 0s where they would cause maximum overlap. But this is vague.

In terms of optimization algorithms, maybe using a genetic algorithm could be more effective for global search, but the user's code uses differential evolution. Alternatively, using Bayesian optimization, which can be efficient if the problem is smooth. However, the current code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method, so maybe adjusting parameters like population size, mutation rates, etc., could help.

Looking at the existing code's hyperparameters: differential evolution uses popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting mutation rates could lead to better exploration, but that might take more time. Since the time budget is 100 seconds, we need to balance between thoroughness and speed.

Another point: the code tries multiple initial guesses, which is good for avoiding local minima. However, perhaps introducing more diverse initial constructions could help. For example, not just pulse or sawtooth waves, but also more complex patterns like combination of waves or randomized but structured patterns.

Another aspect is the optimization itself. The current code uses SLSQP for local refinement. But if the initial guesses for the optimization are not good, SLSQP might get stuck. Maybe using a different local optimizer, like COBYLA or BFGS, could yield better results. However, the code uses SLSQP, which is a good choice for constrained problems.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-start approach with different initial points, but that's similar to what the code does already.

Another idea: Instead of trying to optimize over all n_points, maybe focus on a lower n_points (like n=30) and see if the solution can be generalized, but the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. Wait, but the initial_h_values has n=45. So maybe trying even smaller n points, but the problem may require that the integral of h is 1. For example, if n is 30, then each sample is 2/30=0.0666..., and the sum of h needs to be 15. So, the code needs to adjust accordingly.

But how would that affect the quality of the solution? Maybe a more refined optimization for a smaller n_points could lead to better results. However, the user's previous code uses n=45. Maybe reducing n to 30 or so could allow for more efficient computation within the time budget.

But given that the user is trying to improve on a previous solution, perhaps keeping n around 45 is acceptable, but exploring different structures for h.

Let me think about the structure of h. The previous code uses waveforms like pulse, sawtooth, and triangular. Maybe a better approach is to use a combination of these patterns with different parameters, or to use a more complex waveform that spreads out the 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes overlap.

Wait, the key is that when h is shifted by any k, the overlap integral should be as small as possible. This is equivalent to making sure that the function h is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a binary function (0s and 1s) arranged periodically, then shifting by a certain amount would cause overlaps. But since h is a step function, perhaps a more structured approach could help.

Another approach is to model h as a binary function (though it's allowed to be a step function with values in [0,1]), but maybe binary is the optimal, but the problem allows for continuous values, so maybe a better solution exists with more nuanced h.

Wait, the function h is a step function, but in the problem, it's represented as samples. So, in the code, h is a vector of samples. So, the code is trying to find the best discrete approximation of a function that could be continuous.

But perhaps there's a way to model the problem as a quadratic optimization. However, given that the integral is over the maximum of the convolution, which is a non-convex and non-smooth function, this might be challenging.

Another idea: Instead of a single function h, perhaps use a structured pattern that has specific properties. For example, if we can divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 or 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For instance, if the 1s are placed in a binary pattern that has maximum distance between them, like a checkerboard pattern over the interval.

But how to model that? For example, splitting the interval into segments of length L, where h is 1 for a fraction of the time and 0 otherwise. But the exact arrangement would affect the overlap when shifted.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the overlapping of two sets: when you shift the set S (where h(x)=1) by k, the overlap with the complement set is minimized. So, the goal is to design S such that the maximum overlap for any shift k is as small as possible.

This is similar to the concept of a covering code, where you want to place points (or intervals) such that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. But how to translate that into a numerical optimization?

Maybe the previous approach is on the right track, but the optimization could be improved. Let's think about the code structure again. It uses several initial guesses and then runs SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding more initial guesses could help, or using a different set of initial structures.

Wait, the previous code uses pulse waves, sawtooth, triangular waves, and random guesses. Maybe trying more structured initializations, like combining different waveforms or using a more complex pattern.

Another thought: The current code uses the initial_h_values, which is a pre-defined structure. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, so the code could focus on optimizing it further. However, the code in the previous attempt might not have fully explored the space around it.

Another idea: The problem's overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. So, minimizing that maximum is the key. This is similar to the problem of minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, which is a known problem in signal processing. Maybe there are known techniques or structures that can be applied here.

In signal processing, to minimize the maximum cross-correlation, one approach is to use a set of functions with low autocorrelation. For example, binary sequences with low autocorrelation, like Barker codes. However, these are typically for binary signals. For continuous functions, perhaps a similar approach can be adapted.

Alternatively, using a function that is aperiodic in a certain way. For example, a function that has a structure that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to construct that numerically?

Another approach: Since the problem is a continuous optimization over h, maybe a more global search method would help. The differential evolution is a global method, but perhaps with more iterations or different parameters, it could find better solutions. However, the time budget is tight.

Let me consider the hyperparameters in the previous code's differential evolution. It uses popsize=100, maxiter=50. Maybe increasing the iter could allow for better exploration, but with limited time, it's a trade-off. Alternatively, using a smaller popsize but more iterations.

Alternatively, maybe tweaking the mutation and recombination rates. For example, using a lower mutation rate to fine-tune the solutions, or a higher rate to explore more.

But since the code is already using differential evolution, perhaps the main issue is the initial guess and how well the optimization methods are applied.

Another angle: The current code uses multiple initial guesses. Maybe these guesses are not diverse enough. For example, adding more types of waveforms or more parameters for the waveforms (like different frequencies, duty cycles, or combinations).

Wait, the current code generates pulse, sawtooth, and triangular waves with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe adding more variations, like using a combination of waves or more complex shapes, could lead to better initial guesses.

Moreover, the code uses several random initial guesses. Maybe generating more random guesses with different structures could help, but again, the time budget is a constraint.

Another thought: The problem might benefit from a more structured optimization. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters of the waveform (like frequency and duty cycle) before performing the optimization. However, this would require more computational resources.

Let me think about how to modify the existing code. Perhaps instead of trying multiple random initial guesses, focus on a few well-chosen ones that are more likely to lead to good solutions. For example, instead of generating 10 random guesses, focus on generating several structured patterns, such as periodic waveforms with specific properties.

Alternatively, modifying the existing initial guesses to include more variation. For instance, using a combination of different waveforms, or adjusting their parameters.

Another point: The code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (200) and a tolerance (ftol=1e-11). Maybe adjusting these parameters could help, but again, with limited time, it's tricky.

Alternatively, the code could use a multi-objective approach, trying to balance the overlap across different shifts, but that might complicate the optimization.

Another idea: The current code does not enforce any constraints on the function h other than the integral. However, perhaps introducing additional constraints (like ensuring that h is a step function, but that's already the case) or using a different norm might help. However, since the problem allows h to be any step function within [0,1], maybe the current setup is sufficient.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function with values between 0 and 1. So, perhaps the optimization could be enhanced by considering the structure of h, such as ensuring that the function is as "flat" as possible, which might reduce overlap. However, this is vague.

Another possible optimization: Since the problem requires the integral of h to be 1, maybe the code could use a prior that encourages a certain distribution of h, like a uniform distribution of 1s and 0s, but this might not directly help.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient optimization method for the local refinement. For example, instead of SLSQP, using a different method that is more suited for the problem. However, the current code uses SLSQP, which is appropriate for constrained optimization.

In summary, the main points to consider are:

1. Improve the initial guesses by using more structured and diverse waveforms.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP to better explore the solution space.
3. Reduce the number of n_points to speed up the optimization, but ensure that the quality of the solution is not compromised.
4. Explore different optimization methods or combinations to find a better solution.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code's parameters and initial guesses to try different strategies. For example, increasing the number of initial guesses with more structured patterns, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow more iterations, and using a different local optimizer.

Let me think about how to implement these changes in the code. The previous code generates guesses with different frequencies and duty cycles. Maybe expanding the frequency range or adding more types of waveforms would help. Also, using a different waveform type, such as square waves, or combining different waveforms.

Another possibility is to use wavelets or other basis functions, but that might complicate the initial guess generation.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach to construct the initial guesses. For example, placing 1s in positions that are spaced apart, ensuring that when shifted, overlaps are minimized. But how to translate that into code.

Alternatively, the code could use the initial_h_values as the starting point and then try to perturb it in different ways to find a better solution. However, the previous code already uses the initial_h_values as one of the guesses, so maybe it's covered.

Another idea: The overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts. So, the code's evaluation function computes this maximum correctly. However, for numerical stability, perhaps using a different method to compute it.

But that's already handled by the np.correlate function.

Now, considering the code's structure, perhaps the following changes can be made:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by generating more structured patterns, such as different combinations of pulse, sawtooth, and triangular waves with varying parameters.

- Use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations, but adjust the parameters to fit within the time budget.

- Use a different local optimizer for refinement, such as COBYLA or BFGS.

However, the time budget is tight. To optimize within 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. Therefore, using a smaller number of initial guesses but more refined optimization steps might be better.

Another approach is to use a hybrid method: first, perform a differential evolution with a moderate population and iterations to find a good solution, then perform a local optimization with SLSQP to refine it.

The previous code does this, but perhaps increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution could help, but that would take more time. Since the code has a budget of 100 seconds, maybe the current setup is already optimal, and the improvements come from better initial guesses and structured optimization.

In conclusion, the plan is to enhance the initial guesses by generating more structured waveforms and adjusting the optimization parameters to find a better solution. The code can be modified to include more diverse initial patterns and use a more efficient optimization strategy.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_wave(freq, duty, wave_type):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if wave_type == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'saw':
            wave = np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1)
            return np.clip(1 - wave * duty, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'tri':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'tri'))
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=80, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```