<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is to get even lower. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution with several initial guesses. My task is to find a better approach.

First, let me recall the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral C₅ is minimized. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The integral is approximated by the convolution of h and 1 - h, scaled by dx.

The previous code uses a fixed initial guess (initial_h_values) and then applies optimization steps. The challenge is to find a better initial guess or optimization strategy.

Hmm, the initial approach uses SLSQP with several guesses and differential evolution. Perhaps the key is to explore more diverse initial points or use a different optimization strategy. Also, the previous code might be stuck in a local minimum, so maybe a better initialization is needed.

What if I try different waveforms as initial guesses? The previous code tried pulses, sawtooth, and triangle waves. Maybe adding more types of waveforms could help. Or using more sophisticated starting points, like optimal for lower n_points?

Alternatively, perhaps a greedy approach could work. For example, partition the interval [0,2] into regions where h(x) is 0 or 1, ensuring the integral is 1. However, with the overlap condition, the optimal h might have multiple regions. Maybe a dynamic programming approach could work, but that might be complicated.

Another idea: the problem resembles a covering problem. We want h to avoid overlapping too much with its shifted version. So, perhaps the optimal h is a union of intervals that are spaced out. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, ensuring that shifting by any k doesn't overlap too much.

But since h is a step function, the integral is sum of h_i * (1 - h_j) over all i and j, where the indices correspond to x and x + k. Wait, the convolution is over all possible k, but the integral is over x, so for each k, it's the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Since the domain is [0,2], shifting x by k can take x + k outside the interval, but the convolution with mode 'full' includes those. So the integral for each k is calculated by considering the overlap between the shifted function and the original.

But how to model this? For the optimization, it's a constrained optimization problem where we need to minimize the maximum of several integrals (over different k). Each integral is a linear function of the h values, but the maximum makes it non-convex.

Since the problem is non-convex, global optimization is challenging. The previous code uses local optimizers, which might not find the global minimum. So perhaps using a more global approach, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help. However, the time budget is tight, so these might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe a better way to model the problem. Since the objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps we can use a multi-objective approach, but that's not straightforward.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45, from initial_h_values). Maybe trying with fewer points could be better. For example, using n_points=100 or even 200 could give more flexibility. However, the code needs to run within 100 seconds. The previous code used 45 points and had a C₅ of 0.381142. Maybe increasing the number of points allows for a better approximation, but with higher computational cost.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using even fewer points than the initial 45? But the initial h_values is from a parent construction, so perhaps we need to start from there. However, the user says to use initial_h_values if available. So if the code is called with that variable, we should use it. But the problem is that the initial_h_values might be suboptimal. So maybe trying different starting points or perturbations of the initial guess could help.

Another idea: the current code uses multiple initial guesses, including random ones. Maybe instead of random guesses, use some structured initial guesses, like periodic functions with different frequencies. For example, sinusoidal functions or other structured patterns that might minimize the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of different waveforms, such as a sum of pulses or a more complex structure. For example, a binary function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlaps when shifted.

But how to construct such a function? For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting h by any k would have limited overlap. But the integral of h is 1, so the total length of intervals where h=1 is 1 (since integral over [0,2] is 1). So if we have intervals placed periodically, their arrangement could affect the overlap.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so the total length of the regions where h is 1 is 1. So for example, if h is 1 for 1 unit of length and 0 otherwise, then shifting by k=0.5 would result in an integral of 0.5 (since the overlap between the original and shifted is 0.5, so the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+0.5)) would be 0.5 * 1 = 0.5, but the convolution would depend on the exact positions.

But perhaps arranging the regions where h is 1 in such a way that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This sounds like a covering problem, where you want to place points (intervals) such that no two shifted positions overlap too much.

But this is vague. Maybe trying to construct such a function.

Another thought: the current code uses random samples. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, and the optimization isn't reaching a better minimum. Perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses or using a more robust optimization method.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with several guesses and then differential evolution. Perhaps the SLSQP is not sufficient, and using a different method like genetic algorithms would help, but they might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a Bayesian optimization approach, which samples promising regions of the search space. But that might require more setup.

Alternatively, perhaps using a surrogate model, like a neural network, to approximate the objective function and guide the search. However, that might be too complex given the time constraints.

Another idea: the problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation, where we need to allocate the integral 1 over [0,2] to minimize the maximum overlap. Perhaps using a greedy approach to allocate h(x) in such a way that each allocation reduces the potential maximum overlap. But greedy methods can get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, maybe consider that the maximum overlap occurs for certain shifts. For example, shifts that cause the most overlap. So if we can find those shifts and optimize for them specifically.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model it as a minimax problem. But how to solve that?

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize with SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe using other solvers like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead could be more efficient. Or switching to a global optimization method with more exploration.

Wait, the problem is that even if we find a good local minimum, there might be a better global minimum elsewhere. So perhaps using a more global approach, even if it's slower, could help. But given the time budget, it's challenging.

Another possible improvement is to use a more informed initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps adding perturbations to it. For example, small variations around the initial guess, or using a different waveform that's known to be good for similar problems.

Wait, what's the structure of initial_h_values? The user didn't provide it, but the previous code uses it. Suppose it's a 45-sample array. Let's imagine that it's a periodic function or something like that.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code's attempts to use different waveforms are not effective. Maybe trying more structured waveforms, like a combination of raised cosine functions or other shapes, could help.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a Lagrangian relaxation method. For each k, the integral is a linear function of h, and the maximum over k is the objective. But finding the maximum of linear functions over a convex set is a convex optimization problem, but the problem here is that the maximum is the objective, which is non-convex. However, if we can find a way to approximate this, perhaps using a convex relaxation.

Alternatively, since the maximum over k is difficult, maybe we can find a k that has the highest value and focus on minimizing that. However, that's a heuristic and may not yield the global minimum.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with several initial guesses, then differential evolution, then more SLSQP steps. But perhaps the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, if the initial guesses are all based on similar waveforms, the code might not explore the space effectively.

Another idea: instead of using a fixed set of waveforms, generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, using Fourier series with different frequencies or mixing different waveforms. However, generating such functions algorithmically could be complex.

Alternatively, using a randomized initialization, where h is a random binary vector with sum n_points/2. However, this might not be efficient, but given the time constraints, it's worth trying.

Wait, the previous code uses a few different waveforms and some random guesses. Maybe adding more types of waveforms or varying parameters could help. For example, combining pulses with different duty cycles.

Another possible optimization: the problem has periodicity. The domain is [0,2], so maybe the optimal h has a period of 1, but that's just a guess. If the optimal function is periodic, then the integral constraints and overlap would have symmetries that can be exploited. However, without knowing the structure of the optimal solution, it's hard to use this.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a union of intervals, each of length 1/n where n is some integer. For example, if the function is 1 on n intervals each of length 1/n, then shifting by certain amounts might minimize the overlap. But determining the optimal number of intervals and their positions is non-trivial.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function has to be balanced between 0 and 1. If we can structure h so that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible, that would help. This reminds me of the concept in signal processing of minimizing cross-correlation, which is related to the problem here.

In signal processing, to minimize the cross-correlation between a signal and its shifted version, certain types of signals are used, like orthogonal or uncorrelated signals. However, the problem here is more complex because it's a minimax problem over all shifts.

Alternatively, using a function that is a sum of orthogonal components, but again, how to apply that here.

Perhaps another approach is to use a genetic algorithm. Evolutionary algorithms can explore the search space more thoroughly, even if they're slower. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, the number of evaluations is limited. For example, if each evaluation takes 0.1 seconds, then 1000 evaluations are possible. But with n_points=45, each evaluation involves computing the correlation, which might be computationally expensive.

Wait, the code as written uses np.correlate, which is efficient. But with a large number of evaluations, it might be a bottleneck. However, the problem is that with a genetic algorithm, the number of iterations could be too high.

Alternatively, using a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, which might find better solutions but is computationally expensive.

Another thought: the previous code's best_c5 is 0.381142. The current record is 0.38085. To improve this, maybe find a function where the maximum overlap is lower. Perhaps by finding a better structure for h.

What if I try using more samples? For example, increasing n_points from 45 to 50 or 60. More samples could allow for a more precise approximation, possibly leading to a better C₅. However, with more samples, the optimization might be slower. But given the time budget, it's worth trying.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe 45 is acceptable. However, the initial code uses 45 samples, and the result is C₅ of 0.3811. The target is to get it to 0.380876.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses multiple optimization steps. Maybe trying to use all the available time for a single, more powerful optimization method. For example, using differential evolution for longer, or using a hybrid approach combining different methods.

Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimizer. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is based on gradients and might converge quickly if the initial guess is good. But if the initial guess is not good, it could get stuck. Perhaps using a different local optimizer, like the L-BFGS-B method, but that requires different constraints.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization framework that samples the search space more intelligently. However, implementing that from scratch might be time-consuming.

Another idea: instead of optimizing for all shifts simultaneously, focus on the shifts that are most likely to yield the maximum overlap. For example, find the shifts that are most critical and then optimize for those. However, identifying those shifts would require some prior knowledge of the problem, which we might not have.

Alternatively, we can precompute the most significant shifts and use them as constraints. For example, if we can determine that the maximum overlap occurs at specific shifts, we can optimize to minimize those.

But without knowing the optimal shifts, this is speculative. However, for the interval [0,2], the shifts could be anywhere between 0 and 2. To cover all possible shifts, it's impossible to precompute, but perhaps the maximum occurs at a shift that is equal to the length of certain intervals in h.

Wait, for the function h, if it's composed of several intervals, the maximum overlap might occur when shifting to align with the ends of those intervals. For example, if the function is 1 on intervals of length a, then shifting by a might cause maximum overlap. So, the optimal h should be structured to avoid such overlaps.

But how to translate this into a construction? Perhaps by ensuring that the intervals are not aligned with the possible shifts.

Another possible approach is to model h as a binary function (0 or 1), since the previous code uses step functions, and then optimize the positions and lengths of the intervals. However, with the integral constraint, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1.

This is similar to placing intervals of total length 1 on [0,2], and then minimizing the maximum overlap when shifted by any k. This is akin to a covering problem with constraints.

For example, if we place intervals in such a way that the overlap between any two intervals (when shifted appropriately) is minimized. This sounds like the problem of packing intervals to minimize the maximum overlap.

But this is an optimization problem. How to find such an arrangement?

Perhaps the optimal arrangement is to spread the intervals as evenly as possible. For example, place intervals at regular positions. For instance, if the total length is 1, then dividing it into m intervals of equal length would spread them out.

If the function is composed of m intervals of length 1/m, placed at positions such that any shift k doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, placing the intervals with spacing between them. However, since the total length is 1, the number of intervals m is related to the spacing.

But how to calculate this? For instance, if m intervals are placed with spacing s between them, then the total length is m*(1/m) + (m-1)*s = 1 + (m-1)*s. Since the total length in the domain [0,2] must fit, this might not be feasible. Maybe a better approach is to use spacing between the intervals.

Alternatively, this is getting too abstract. Let me think of a specific example. Suppose the function h is 1 on a single interval of length 1. Then, shifting it by k, the overlap would be the length of the intersection between the original and shifted intervals. The maximum overlap would be when k is 0 (overlap is 1), which is not good. So this approach is not good.

But if the function is composed of two intervals, each of length 0.5, then the maximum overlap could be smaller. For example, if the two intervals are placed with some distance between them. Let's say the first interval is [0, 0.5], the second is [1, 1.5]. The total length is 1. Now, shifting by k=0.5 would cause the first interval to overlap with the second by 0.25 (from 0.5 to 0.75). However, the maximum overlap would occur when the shift causes maximum intersection. For example, shifting by k=0.25: the overlap between the first interval and the shifted interval is 0.25, and similarly for others. The maximum overlap for this configuration might be 0.25 * 0.5 (area of overlap) = 0.125? Or maybe I'm mixing up the calculations.

Wait, the overlap integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If h is 1 on [0, 0.5] and [1, 1.5], then for k=0.25, the overlap between the intervals would be when x is in [0, 0.25], x + k = 0.25 to 0.5, so the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0 would be the overlapping area. But I'm getting confused here.

Alternatively, think of it as for a given shift k, the integral is the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). For the case where h is 1 on two intervals, the value of this integral depends on the overlapping regions. For example, when k is small, shifting one interval over another causes overlap.

But this is getting too detailed. The main point is that arranging intervals in a way that avoids overlap when shifted could help minimize the maximum overlap. But how to find such an arrangement algorithmically.

Perhaps the previous approach of using random or waveform-based initial guesses isn't sufficient. Maybe a better starting point is to use a binary function with multiple intervals, and then optimize it.

But how to generate such a function? For example, using a binary vector where certain indices are 1, others 0, with the total sum being n_points/2. This is a combinatorial optimization problem, which is computationally intensive.

Another idea: since the previous code uses several waveforms, maybe adding a new type of waveform, such as a modulated sine wave or a more complex function, could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using autonomous differentiation or other methods to guide the optimization. But without specific libraries, it's tricky.

Considering the time constraints and the current approach, perhaps modifying the previous code to use more diverse initial guesses or a more effective optimization method. For example, using a population-based optimization like genetic algorithms but with more efficient evaluation.

Alternatively, try using a different optimization library. For example, using pyomo or other packages, but that might not be feasible.

Wait, the previous code uses scipy.optimize's differential_evolution and SLSQP. Maybe tightening the parameters for these solvers could help. For example, in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better exploration of the search space.

In the previous code, for differential evolution, the parameters are mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8. Maybe increasing the mutation range or changing the recombination rate.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=50) for differential evolution. Perhaps increasing that number would allow for better exploration, but at the cost of time. However, the code has a time budget, so it must be careful.

Alternatively, using the 'bounded' method with a larger population size in differential evolution, but this may be too slow for 100 seconds.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization methods. For example, use differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it. The previous code does this, but perhaps tweaking the parameters for each method.

Another thing to consider is the calculation of the objective function. The previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the convolution. But for the integral over x, the correct way is to compute the convolution and multiply by dx. However, the convolution in scipy might not handle the exact integral correctly, but since the function is stepwise, perhaps it's okay.

Wait, the max of the convolution multiplied by dx would give the maximum integral over all k. That part seems correct.

Another possible optimization: using a faster way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlation for all possible k. However, with the current setup, it's already done via np.correlate.

Another idea: precompute the maximum correlation for a given h and use that as the objective. However, the previous code already does that.

Considering all these, perhaps the main improvements would come from:

1. Using more diverse initial guesses, especially ones that are not based on waveforms but on structured patterns like intervals.
2. Using more effective optimization methods, such as adjusting parameters for differential evolution and SLSQP.
3. Increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters to explore the search space better.
4. Possibly trying a different number of n_points, like a larger one than the initial 45, to allow for more flexibility, while staying within the 100s budget.

Given the time constraints and the need for code brevity, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code by adding more diverse initial guesses, adjusting optimization parameters, and using more iterations of the differential evolution step.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of guesses, generate more guesses by varying frequencies and duty cycles, and adding some randomized initial points.

Also, the previous code uses a for loop over guesses and applies slsqp_guess to each. Perhaps this could be optimized by using a larger number of initial points or more varied waveforms.

Alternatively, instead of using waveforms, use binary patterns. For example, a random binary vector with exactly n_points/2 ones. However, with n_points=45, this could be done as a starting guess.

But generating such vectors requires a way to ensure the sum is correct. For example, for a binary vector, the sum is the number of ones, so we need to select exactly half (rounded) of the samples to be 1.

This could be done by selecting random indices and setting them to 1, ensuring the count is correct. But for a large number of guesses, this might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, the code can generate a few binary starting points by randomly selecting positions.

But given the time constraints, perhaps adding more randomized initial guesses could help explore the search space.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Perhaps trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=50 or 100, but with less time for optimization.

However, the problem requires smaller sequences, so n_points=45 is acceptable.

Another idea: in the differential evolution step, use a higher popsize and more iterations to allow for better exploration.

In the previous code, the differential evolution has popsize=100, maxiter=50. This could be increased to popsize=100, maxiter=100, but that would take more time. However, the code has a time budget of 100 seconds, so it's necessary to allocate time wisely.

Another optimization: in the SLSQP steps, the previous code runs a few iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of SLSQP steps could refine the solution further.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different structures (e.g., more binary patterns, different waveforms).
- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.
- Use SLSQP to refine the solutions found by differential evolution.
- Possibly increase the number of iterations or the population size in differential evolution.
- Track the best solution found within the time budget.

The code would need to be structured to do this efficiently within 100 seconds. Given the previous code's structure, I can modify it by adding more varied initial guesses and tuning the optimization steps.

For example, adding more waveform guesses with different parameters, or generating random binary vectors as initial guesses. Also, adjusting the differential evolution parameters to allow more exploration.

In terms of code, the new run function would:

- Use the initial_h_values.
- Generate additional initial guesses, perhaps more waveforms, and random binary vectors.
- Use differential evolution with more iterations or a higher population.
- Perform multiple rounds of optimization, refining the best solution each time.

Now, translating this into code. The main changes would be to the guesses generation and the differential evolution parameters. For example, adding more waveform types, or generating more guesses.

Another thing: the initial code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe generating more guesses by varying the frequency or duty cycle, and also adding random guesses.

Also, ensuring that the number of guesses is not too large, to keep the code within the time budget.

Another improvement: after finding a solution with differential evolution, do a few more SLSQP steps to refine it further.

Finally, returning the best solution found within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_wave(freq, duty, wave_type):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if wave_type == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'tri':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'tri'))
    for _ in range(3):
        idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(n_points/2), replace=False)
        guess = np.zeros(n_points)
        guess[idx] = 1
        guesses.append(guess)
    for _ in range(10):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-11})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```