<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code uses a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution, starting from an initial guess. My goal is to find a better approach that can get a lower C₅ value, ideally under 0.38085.

First, I need to understand what the problem is about. The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is computed as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we need the maximum of these over k. A smaller C₅ value means a better upper bound on the Erdős constant.

The previous approach uses initial guesses based on sine, triangle, and custom waveforms, then applies SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about alternative strategies.

One possible approach is to use a more structured initial guess. The current initial_h_values might be a starting point, but maybe a different structure could help. For example, using a piecewise constant function with alternating regions of high and low values could help minimize overlaps. Maybe a periodic pattern?

Another idea is to use a Bayesian optimization approach, which is good for expensive functions. But since the budget is limited to 100 seconds, maybe that's not feasible. Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm might be more efficient, but the previous code uses differential evolution. Maybe adjusting parameters or using a different optimization strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 30 and maxiter 40. Maybe increasing the population size or allowing more iterations could help, but within the budget. However, given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to guide the optimization might help. But again, with the time limit, this could be challenging.

Another thought: the overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1 - h. So, the problem can be viewed as trying to minimize the worst-case correlation. This is similar to certain optimal design problems. Maybe using some kind of Fourier analysis could help, but I'm not sure how to apply it directly here.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over a shifted version of h, perhaps the function h should be designed to have minimal correlation with its shifts. This sounds like a problem that could be approached with a combination of periodicity and symmetry. For example, a function that repeats every certain interval, or has a structure that cancels out overlaps.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since the integral over [0,2] is 1, h can be thought of as a probability distribution. The overlap integral for a shift k would be the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) over x. So, to minimize the maximum of these values, we want h to be as "unrelated" as possible to its shifted versions.

This makes me think of functions that are structured to avoid peaks that overlap with shifted versions. For example, a function that alternates between high and low regions in a way that shifts don't align the high regions with low ones. But how to model this?

Perhaps a better initial guess could be constructed using a more structured approach. For example, using a piecewise function with specific intervals where h is 1 or 0, ensuring that when shifted, they don't align. However, since the function is a step function, maybe a more mathematical approach is needed.

Wait, the current code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. If I can generate a better initial guess, that might help. For example, using a more optimal initial structure, like splitting the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0.5 or 1, or some other pattern that minimizes overlaps.

Alternatively, using a combination of multiple frequencies, like a binary wave with different frequencies. For example, using a function that combines sine waves of different frequencies to create a more complex structure that's less likely to overlap when shifted.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal cross-correlation with itself. In signal processing, this is akin to creating a signal with low auto-correlation. Maybe using a Barker code or similar, but for a continuous function.

But how can I translate that into a step function with integral constraint?

Alternatively, since the integral over [0,2] is 1, the function can be normalized. Maybe using a periodic function with period 2, but then the integral over a period would be 1. For example, a square wave with certain duty cycle. However, a square wave might have high correlation with shifts, so that's not ideal.

Wait, the previous code uses initial guesses with sine, triangle, and custom waves. Maybe trying more advanced waveforms or combining them could help. For example, combining multiple frequencies to create a more complex pattern that's less correlated with itself.

But with the time constraints, perhaps it's better to focus on optimizing the existing methods more effectively. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution, but perhaps adjusting the parameters or using a hybrid approach could be better.

Another thought: using a better initial guess could prevent getting stuck in local optima. The current code starts with the initial_h_values, but maybe generating a different initial guess, such as a more structured one, would lead to better results.

For example, perhaps creating a function that has high values in regions that are spread out over the interval. For instance, if the interval is [0,2], maybe partitioning it into segments where h is 1 for certain lengths and 0 otherwise, ensuring that shifts don't overlap the same regions.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to construct the function. For example, starting with a random partition, then iteratively adjusting segments to minimize the maximum overlap. However, implementing such an algorithm within the time constraints might be challenging.

Another approach is to use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Perhaps replacing differential evolution with a more efficient global optimization algorithm, or using a hybrid approach that combines multiple methods.

Wait, the code has a loop over different guesses, and uses differential evolution followed by SLSQP refinement. Maybe spending more time on the SLSQP refinement could help. Also, increasing the number of iterations in the initial optimization steps might yield better results.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization framework with a surrogate model to guide the search. However, given the time constraints and the complexity of implementing such methods, this might not be feasible.

Another idea is to use a tailored optimization method that leverages the structure of the problem. For instance, since the overlap integral depends on the correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k, maybe the problem can be transformed into a different space, such as frequency domain. But I'm not sure how to apply that directly.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is taken over all k, maybe the worst-case k is when the shift aligns the peaks of h with the troughs of 1 - h. Therefore, the function should be designed to avoid such alignments. This suggests that the function should be structured in a way that its peaks are not aligned with the troughs of its shifted versions.

This is quite abstract. How can this be modeled? Maybe by ensuring that the function h has a certain symmetry or spacing between its high and low regions. For example, if h has high values in regions spaced apart by more than some distance, then shifting by k would not align them with low regions.

But how to construct such a function programmatically? Perhaps by dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and assigning h to be 1 in some of them, ensuring that the sum is 1. For example, if the function is made of m intervals where it is 1, each of length l, such that m*l = 1 (since the integral is 1). But this is a very simplified model.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern where h alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that shifts don't cause high and low regions to overlap. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/m, then 0, etc. However, this is again a simplified approach.

But perhaps this is a way to generate a reasonable initial guess. For instance, if we split the interval into equal parts and assign h to be 1 in some of them, ensuring that the total area is 1. However, with the given integral constraint, this may not be straightforward.

Another approach is to use a randomized initial guess, but with a more structured noise. For example, perturbing the initial guess with some patterns that avoid overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the current code starts with the initial_h_values and applies various optimizations, but maybe the initial_h_values is not optimal. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could lead to better results.

So, the plan could be to create a new initial guess that is a structured function, such as a piecewise constant function with certain properties, and then optimize it.

But how to generate such a structure programmatically? Maybe creating a function with alternating high and low regions, spaced in such a way that shifts don't cause overlaps. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval.

Wait, given that the interval is [0,2], maybe creating a function with periodicity 1, so that shifting by k=1 would flip the function. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, creating a function that is a square wave with a certain duty cycle, say 50%, which would give an integral of 1 over [0,2]. However, such a function would have high correlations with shifts, so this might not be ideal.

But maybe combining multiple square waves at different frequencies could lead to a function that is less correlated with its shifts. For example, using a waveform that is 1 for 0.5 units, 0 for 0.5 units, then repeating. But with the integral constraint, this would have a certain value.

Alternatively, creating a more complex waveform with multiple segments of 1 and 0, ensuring that the sum is correct and that shifts don't align them.

But generating such a waveform might be complex. Alternatively, using a random permutation of intervals where h is set to 0 or 1. However, this could be part of the optimization process.

Alternatively, using a combination of sine waves and square waves to create a function with a more complex shape.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to enhance the existing optimization process. For example, using a better initial guess, adjusting the optimization parameters, and using more efficient methods.

Another idea: using the current initial guess and applying a more robust optimization method, such as a hybrid of differential evolution and SLSQP, with more iterations and better parameter tuning.

Alternatively, trying different optimization methods. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradient information, or the BFGS method if gradients can be approximated.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a Sequential Least Squares Programming method, and differential evolution for global search. So combining these might be the way to go.

Another thought: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. This is a minimax problem. Techniques like alternating projections or other convex optimization methods might be applicable, but since the problem is not convex, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, discretizing the problem and using a more efficient solver. For example, using the scipy.optimize's minimize function with a different method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm. However, this is more of a local optimizer and might not find the global optimum.

Another point to consider: the previous code uses multiple guesses and runs different optimizations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or varying the parameters of the optimization methods could lead to better results.

In the previous code, the guesses are based on sine, triangle, and custom functions. Maybe trying more initial guesses, such as a function that is piecewise constant with certain periodicity.

For example, creating a function that is 1 in regions spaced apart by certain lengths. Let's say, for n_points, split the interval into, say, 5 equal parts. Assign h to be 1 in certain parts and 0 in others, such that the integral is 1. For instance, with 45 points, splitting into 5 segments of 9 points each. Assign h to be 1 in two of the segments, so the integral is 2*(9/45) = 0.4, but we need 1, so perhaps adjust.

Wait, the total area is 1. So if the function is 1 on some intervals and 0 on others, the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. Since the interval is 0 to 2, the total length is 2. So, if we have certain intervals of length l, the sum of their lengths must be 1. For example, if there are m intervals of length l, then m*l = 1. But the actual positions of these intervals would matter for the overlap.

So, perhaps creating a regular pattern where the 1s are placed in such a way that shifts don't overlap them. For example, placing them with spacing larger than certain value.

But how to model this? It's quite abstract. Maybe for a testing purpose, generating such a pattern and using it as an initial guess.

Alternatively, using a random placement of 1s and 0s, ensuring the integral is 1. For example, placing h as 1 in some randomly selected points and 0 in others, then scaling to make the integral 1. But this would be a rough heuristic.

However, this approach could generate a better initial guess, which could then be optimized further.

So, the plan is:

1. Generate a better initial guess by creating a structured step function with a certain pattern.

2. Apply optimization methods (SLSQP, differential evolution) to refine this guess.

3. Ensure that the optimization process is efficient, using parameters that allow sufficient iterations within the time budget.

Additionally, perhaps using a combination of different optimization strategies could yield better results. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess and then SLSQP to refine it.

Another thought: the current code uses a 45-point initial guess. Maybe using a larger number of points could allow for more precise control over the function, but the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So, 45 is acceptable.

But maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, if the initial guess has a certain structure that works better with a different number of points, but the problem allows using the current initial_h_values.

Wait, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So, the code should reference it directly. Therefore, I can't change the initial number of points. So, n_points is fixed as len(initial_h_values), which is 45.

Therefore, I need to work with 45 points.

Another idea: the previous code uses the initial_h_values, but maybe modifying this initial guess could help. For example, if the initial guess is not optimal, but the code can't change it, so I have to start from that. Therefore, the code uses the initial_h_values as a baseline.

Therefore, the code might be stuck in a local optimum if the initial guess is not good. Hence, generating a different initial guess could help find a better solution.

But how to generate a different initial guess? The initial_h_values are provided, but I can't use them as a literal. So, I have to create a new initial guess algorithmically.

For example, creating a function that has a more regular pattern. For instance, using a function that is 0.5 in some regions and 1 in others. Or using a pattern that alternates between high and low values.

But how to code that? For example, using a sine wave with a certain frequency, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, creating a function that is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half. However, this would have an integral of 1. For example, if the function is 1 from 0 to 1 and 0 from 1 to 2. Then, the integral is 1. However, this could be a poor initial guess since shifts would cause overlaps.

But if the initial guess is this simple function, then the code can optimize it. But the previous code starts with a different initial guess, so this might be explored.

But the previous code uses several guesses, like sine and triangle waves. So maybe trying other waveforms, like a square wave, could be beneficial.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in non-overlapping regions, spaced apart evenly. For example, placing the 1s in certain intervals such that shifts don't align them.

For example, suppose the function is 1 for 0.2 units, then 0 for 0.2 units, and so on, but such that the sum of the 1 intervals is 1. This would require a certain number of intervals.

But generating this programmatically for 45 points would require calculating the exact positions and lengths.

But given the time constraints, perhaps this is manageable.

Alternatively, creating a function that is 1 for the first m points and 0 for the rest, adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, this might not be a good initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated pattern, such as a combination of different frequencies. For example, using a function that alternates between high and low values with varying intervals.

But this is getting too vague. Let's think back to the code structure.

The current code starts with initial_h_values and uses several guesses. The best approach might be to enhance the optimization process by using different methods and more iterations. For instance, using a better global optimizer.

However, differential evolution is already used, and perhaps increasing the population size or the maxiter could help. But the time budget is limited, so increasing these numbers may not be feasible.

Another possibility is to use parallel optimization, but with only 1 CPU available, this is not possible.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess that has a lower C₅ value. For example, if the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, then using more refined optimization steps could improve it.

Alternatively, trying to find a way to encode the problem as a convex optimization problem. However, the integral maximization is non-convex, so this might not be feasible.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, perhaps relaxing the problem to find a lower bound. But the user wants an upper bound, which is the current C₅.

Wait, the problem is to find the minimal maximum overlap integral. So, the current code is finding a function h that minimizes this maximum, and the value of C₅ is the achieved maximum. The goal is to find a function with a smaller C₅.

So, the previous code used different guesses and optimization steps to find a better function. To improve this, one might need to try different strategies for generating initial guesses and optimizing them.

Possible improvements:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses. For example, besides sine, triangle, and custom waves, maybe include other waveforms like square, sawtooth, or even more complex patterns.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization methods. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerances, or using different optimization methods.

3. Instead of using differential evolution for global search and then SLSQP for local refinement, perhaps using a different combination. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search.

But with the given code, differential evolution is already in use.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which might be computationally expensive for large arrays. However, since the n_points is 45, this is manageable.

Alternatively, precomputing all the shifted versions and calculating the integral for each k. But this is similar to what numpy.correlate does.

Another possible optimization: since the integral is over a continuous function, but we are working with discrete samples, the approximation errors might affect the results. However, with a sufficient number of points, this should be manageable.

So, putting this all together, the following modifications could be made to the code:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, include a square wave, a modulated sine wave, or a random initial guess.

- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization methods, allowing more refinement.

- Improve the parameters of the SLSQP optimization, such as increasing the maxiter and reducing the tolerance.

- Use a hill-climbing approach to refine the best solution found.

Additionally, perhaps using a different starting guess that is more structured. For example, a pattern that divides the interval [0,2] into equal segments and sets h to certain values in these segments.

For instance, creating a function that is 1 in certain segments and 0 in others, ensuring the total integral is 1. For example, dividing the interval into 5 segments, each of length 0.4, and setting h to 1 in 2.5 of them (but this would need to be adjusted for the actual points).

But this is getting too vague. Let me think of a code snippet that generates a structured initial guess.

Another idea: using a binary function with a certain number of ones. For example, choosing which points to set to 1 and which to 0, such that the sum of the selected points multiplied by dx equals 1. For 45 points, dx is 2/45. So, the sum of selected points must be 45/2 = 22.5. Since the points are integers, this is not possible, so the code must use real numbers. Oh wait, the h_values are allowed to be any real numbers in [0,1], not just 0 or 1. So the function is a step function but with possible intermediate values.

But in the code, the initial_h_values are a step function (assuming), but the problem allows any step function as long as it meets the integral constraint.

Therefore, perhaps creating a structured initial guess where h is a piecewise constant function with certain regions set to values like 0.5, 0.8, etc., strategically placed to minimize overlap.

But again, without knowing the exact optimal structure, this is challenging.

Alternatively, using the current initial_h_values and applying a more refined optimization process. For example, using a different optimization method, or increasing the number of refinement steps.

In the previous code, after using differential evolution, it refines the solution with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations could help.

Another possible improvement is to use a particle swarm optimization (PSO) for the global search, but this would require implementing or importing a PSO library, which might not be feasible with the given constraints.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to enhance the existing code by:

- Expanding the set of initial guesses to include more varied functions.

- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods to allow more iterations and finer tuning.

- Adding more refinement steps after the initial optimization.

For example, in the previous code, the initial guesses include sine, triangle, and custom waves. Maybe adding a square wave or a random guess.

Additionally, after the initial optimization, the code does a few refinement steps with SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of refinement steps or allowing more iterations in each refinement.

Another idea: using a more efficient way to compute the overlap integral. For example, vectorizing the computation or using more efficient numpy operations.

But since the code already uses numpy.correlate, which is efficient, this might not be necessary.

In summary, the plan is to modify the code to:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses.

2. Adjust optimization parameters to allow more iterations and finer tuning.

3. Increase the number of refinement steps.

4. Maybe add a different optimization method.

But how to implement this concisely within the 300-line limit and the character constraints?

Now, to code this, I need to modify the existing code.

First, the previous code includes generating different guesses. Let's enhance that by adding more functions. For example, generating a square wave and a modulated square wave.

Second, in the optimization, increasing the maxiter for SLSQP and differential evolution.

Third, adding more refinement steps.

Also, the previous code uses a random initial guess (np.random.rand(n_points)), which could be replaced with a more structured one.

But the code already has a few guesses. Let's add another guess, like a square wave.

The square wave can be generated as follows: for a certain frequency, the function alternates between 1 and 0. But since the integral must be 1 over [0,2], the duty cycle would be 0.5. For example, a square wave with period 2 and 1 for half the period and 0 for the other. This would have an integral of 1. However, generating such a pattern with n_points samples would require creating a function that alternates between 1 and 0 depending on the sample index.

For example, for each sample i, if i % 2 == 0, h is 1, else 0. But this would give an integral of (number of 1s * dx). For 45 points, dx is 2/45. So, if there are 23 ones, the integral is 23 * (2/45) ≈ 1.022, which is slightly over. To adjust, perhaps using a more precise function.

But since the initial_h_values already exist, perhaps generating a square wave as a guess could be added.

Another guess could be a function that is 0.5 for half the points and 1 for the other half, but ensuring integral is 1. This is similar to a square wave but with smoother transitions.

Alternatively, using a function that alternates between 0.5 and 1, but this requires careful calculation.

But perhaps adding a square wave as a guess is a good idea. So, modifying the guesses list to include a square wave.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses differential evolution with 30 population size and 40 maxiter. Maybe increasing the maxiter for the differential evolution would help, but the time budget is tight.

Finally, in the refinement steps, perhaps allowing more iterations or increasing the number of refinement steps.

So, integrating all these ideas into the code.

Now, coding:

The existing code uses generate_sine, generate_triangle, and generate_custom. Let's add a generate_square function.

But since the code is allowed to use functions, and the initial_h_values are provided, perhaps this is possible.

Additionally, adjust the parameters of the optimization steps. For example, in the SLSQP optimization, increasing maxiter to 100 and reducing ftol and eps to 1e-12 and 1e-10, which were already used.

Also, increasing the number of differential evolution iterations.

Another possible change: in the initial guesses, instead of using np.random.rand, which may not be the best, perhaps using a more structured guess.

But perhaps it's better to stick with the existing guesses.

In the code, the guesses are:

guesses = [generate_sine(3), generate_triangle(3), generate_custom(2), np.random.rand(n_points), h]

Adding a square wave:

def generate_square(freq):
    t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
    wave = np.where(t < 0.5, 1.0, 0.0)
    return wave

But this is a square wave with period 1 and 1 for the first half, 0 for the second. However, since the interval is 0 to 2, this would repeat, but for the samples from 0 to 2, this would give a square wave with period 2.

Wait, the function is defined over [0,2], so for the square wave, the first half of the interval [0,1] is 1, the second half [1,2] is 0. This gives an integral of 1, which meets the constraint. So, generating this as a guess could be helpful.

But how to implement this in code?

So, adding generate_square to the guesses list.

Now, in the code, this would be a new guess.

Other modifications: in the differential evolution step, perhaps increasing maxiter to 60, and maybe increasing the population size.

Also, in the refinement steps, allow more refinement iterations.

Another possible optimization is to use a different method for the initial optimization steps, like using COBYLA or other methods.

But given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the code to include the square wave guess, increase the maxiter for the differential evolution, and allow more refinement steps.

Here's a possible modified code outline:

- Add generate_square to the guesses.

- Increase the maxiter in the differential evolution to 60.

- Perhaps add another guess, like a generated square wave with a different phase or spacing.

- Increase the number of refinement steps.

Additionally, in the code, the initial guesses include 'h' (the initial_h_values), which is a good starting point.

Putting it all together, the code would include more guesses and possibly more optimization steps.

Another possible change: the previous code has a loop for _ in range(2) for the differential evolution steps. Maybe increasing that to 3 or 4.

Also, in the refinement steps, maybe allow more iterations.

Now, translating this into code, while keeping the character and line count within limits.

The final code will include these modifications and possibly more.

Another idea: to use the initial guesses more effectively. For example, when generating the guesses, instead of using np.random.rand, which might not be helpful, generate a structured guess.

But I think the previous code already includes that.

Overall, the plan is to enhance the existing code by adding more guesses, adjusting optimization parameters, and increasing the number of iterations, with the hope that this will lead to a better C₅ bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_sine(freq):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points) * freq
        wave = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(np.pi * t)
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_triangle(freq):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(2 * freq * t - 1)
        return np.clip(1 - wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_square(freq):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = np.where(np.floor(t * freq) % 2 == 0, 1.0, 0.0)
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_custom(freq):
        t = np.linspace(0, 2, n_points)
        wave = 0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t)
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [generate_sine(1.5), generate_triangle(2), generate_square(0.5), generate_custom(3), np.random.rand(n_points), h]
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=40, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.7, 0.95), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 80, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```