<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is to get below 0.380876. The user's previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe there's a way to improve this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated using the correlation between h and 1-h. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous approach used a lot of different initial guesses, like periodic functions, binary waves, etc., and then tried to optimize them with SLSQP and differential evolution. But perhaps there's a better way. Let me think about possible strategies.

One idea is to focus on specific structures that might lead to lower overlap. For example, maybe a more regular or symmetric pattern in h(x) could minimize the maximum overlap. Also, considering that the previous code used different waveforms, maybe trying to combine or adapt those ideas could help.

Another thought: the previous code used a fixed number of points (n_points) derived from the initial_h_values. Maybe increasing n_points could allow for more precise optimization, but the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred because they run faster. However, the initial code used n=45, which is manageable.

Wait, the user says that sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe using a different starting point with fewer points could be better. However, the initial_h_values are given, and we can't change them. So we need to work with that or maybe use another structure.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization approach. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe a genetic algorithm could be more effective in exploring the search space, but I need to check if that's feasible within the time budget.

Another angle: the overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)). To minimize this, we need to arrange h such that the overlap is minimized for all shifts. Maybe using a more structured approach, like placing the 1s in h in a way that avoids overlapping with their shifted versions.

For instance, if h is constructed as a periodic function with certain properties, perhaps the overlap can be minimized. For example, if h is a binary function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlaps are small.

Wait, the previous code tried different waveforms. Maybe we can try more sophisticated waveforms or combinations. For example, piecewise linear functions, or combinations of sine waves with different frequencies.

Another idea: since the integral over [0,2] of h is 1, maybe we can model h as a union of intervals where it's 1, spaced out so that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. For example, placing the intervals at certain positions such that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into a numerical optimization problem? Maybe the previous approach of using a step function with multiple segments, and optimizing their positions and widths.

Alternatively, consider using a more global optimization method. The previous code used differential evolution, which is a population-based method that can escape local minima. However, the time budget is limited, so maybe using a combination of methods with better parameter tuning could help.

Wait, the previous code tried several initial guesses and used differential evolution with some parameters. Perhaps adjusting the parameters for differential evolution could lead to better results. For example, increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

Another thing: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. So maybe we can try to smooth out the peaks in the correlation by carefully positioning the steps in h. For example, if h is designed to have the same value at points where the overlap is high, that could reduce the maximum.

Let me think about how the correlation works. The correlation between h and 1-h for different shifts k. For each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and the shifted 1-h. So for each k, we want this integral to be small. The worst case among all k is what determines C5.

To minimize this, the function h should be such that when you shift it, the overlap with the complement is minimized. One way to achieve this is to spread out the 1s in h as evenly as possible, so their shifts don't overlap much.

For example, if h is a function that has 1s in non-overlapping intervals when shifted, but since the integral is fixed, we need to balance the number of 1s and their spacing.

But how to model this in code? Maybe using a set of points where h is 1, and then the rest is 0. However, since h is a step function, maybe using a binary function with multiple regions.

Alternatively, considering that the integral of h is 1, we need exactly half of the total length (since 2 units in the interval, the average value is 0.5). So perhaps the optimal h is a binary function that's 1 in parts of the interval and 0 elsewhere, with the total length of 1s being 1.

But designing such a function to minimize the overlap for all shifts is tricky. For example, if you have two intervals of length 1/2 each, separated by some distance. But when you shift them, the overlaps depend on the spacing.

Wait, maybe the optimal h is a union of intervals that are spaced apart such that their shifted versions do not overlap much. For example, in the case of C5, perhaps arranging the 1s in h to be spread out over the interval such that when shifted by any k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to compute this? Maybe using a greedy approach: place the first interval, then place the next interval as far away as possible from the first, considering the shift overlap.

Alternatively, think of it as a covering problem where the goal is to place intervals to minimize maximum overlap with their shifted versions.

This is getting a bit abstract. Let's think about code approaches. The previous code used a lot of different initial guesses. Maybe the approach could be improved by focusing on the structure of the initial guess.

The initial_h_values is provided. Let me think: if I can improve upon that initial guess, perhaps by refining it with better optimization techniques.

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with bounds and a constraint on the sum. Maybe using a more advanced optimization library or method, but the available libraries are scipy, numpy, and others like CVXOPT, etc. The user's code already uses scipy.optimize, so maybe using a different method or adjusting the parameters.

Another idea: the previous code tried multiple initial guesses but maybe not enough. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses or using a more efficient way to generate them.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first, generate a set of candidate initial guesses using some heuristics, then optimize each with a more precise method like SLSQP, and select the best.

Wait, the user's code uses differential evolution for some steps. Maybe adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters could lead to better results. For example, using higher mutation rates might help escape local minima, but could also lead to slower convergence.

Another thing: the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. However, the overlap integral for each k depends on the length of the interval. For example, when the shift k is larger than 2 (the length of the interval), the integral is zero because the shifted 1-h falls outside the original interval. Therefore, the maximum k to consider is up to 2 (i.e., shifts from 0 to 2). So the correlation array is of length 2n_points - 1, but the useful values are the ones in the middle, up to shifts of k where the overlap is non-zero.

But perhaps in the code, for each shift, the integral is calculated, but the maximum is taken over all k. This is correct.

So the objective function is the maximum of these integrals.

Another approach: since the problem is similar to finding a binary function (like a pulse train) that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This seems related to the concept of avoiding certain overlaps in signal processing.

In the context of optimization, maybe using a genetic algorithm with a specific representation for h. Each individual could be a vector of values, and the fitness is the C5 value. But implementing a genetic algorithm could be time-consuming, and the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a particle swarm optimization, but again, not sure if that's available.

Wait, the user's code uses scipy.optimize, which includes differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe trying different optimization methods or adjusting parameters could help. For example, increasing the number of iterations, or using a different method like COBYLA for some steps.

Another idea: instead of trying to optimize over all possible points, maybe using a grid-based approach or some form of symmetry. For example, if the function is periodic with a certain period, that could reduce the variables involved.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, which is equivalent to finding a function that is "spread out" in some sense. Maybe using a function that is a combination of several shifted and scaled basis functions.

Another angle: the previous code uses a lot of different initial functions (sine, square, etc.) but maybe there's a better way to generate these initial functions. For example, generating functions with specific properties that are known to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the Erdos constant is related to the minimum overlap, perhaps looking into known results or constructions for similar problems. For example, in the case of C5, what's the known optimal structure?

But I'm not aware of such specific constructions. So back to the code.

The user's code currently uses n_points = 45, which is 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the user's preference is for smaller n_points. However, if the code can be optimized to run faster for higher n_points, it might be worth trying. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible that a higher n_points might be too slow.

Wait, the initial code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values, which is 45. So maybe keeping that number is better for speed.

Another observation: the current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876, which is very close. So the improvement needs to be very small. Therefore, the code needs to find a solution that is very slightly better than the current best.

To achieve this, perhaps the code can use more refined optimization steps. For example, after generating some initial guesses, perform local optimization with more precise methods.

Another idea: the previous code performs an initial optimization with SLSQP on multiple guesses, then runs differential evolution on some of them. Maybe using a more aggressive approach in the SLSQP steps, or combining it with other methods.

Alternatively, perhaps trying to use the initial_h_values as the starting point and performing global optimization on it, rather than generating multiple guesses. But since the initial_h_values might be a local optimum, it's better to try different initializations.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of initial guesses, use a dynamic approach where the code samples more promising regions of the search space based on previous results. However, implementing such a method might be complex.

What if we use a Bayesian optimization approach? It could be more efficient in exploring the search space, but I'm not sure if scipy has that implemented. Alternatively, using the Tree-structured Parzen Estimator (TPE) for hyperparameter optimization, but again, this might be complex to implement within the time constraints.

Another thought: maybe the current code's differential evolution step could be improved by adjusting parameters. For example, increasing the population size to allow for more diversity in the initial guesses, or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates.

In the original code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=100, maxiter=40, etc. Perhaps increasing maxiter or adjusting popsize could yield better results.

Additionally, the code uses several different guesses (like periodic, binary, triangular, etc.) which could be replaced or augmented with more diverse functions. For example, generating functions with varying frequencies and duty cycles, or more complex patterns.

But since the code already includes a variety of guesses, maybe the problem is in the optimization steps. For example, after the initial guesses, the code performs a few rounds of refinement with SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or using more aggressive parameters.

Another idea: the constraint sum(h) = 1 is a hard constraint. The objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. So perhaps using a Lagrangian multiplier method with the constraint, but the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, which is appropriate.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is convex? Well, the objective function is the maximum of integrals, which is not convex. So convex optimization methods might not be applicable.

Another possible optimization: since the overlap integral is the maximum over k, maybe the code can focus on certain k values that are known to contribute more to the maximum. For example, the maximum might occur at certain shifts, so the code can prioritize optimizing for those shifts. However, this would require knowing which shifts are critical, which might not be feasible without prior knowledge.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated objective function that weights certain shifts more heavily. But this might complicate things.

Another angle: the current code uses np.correlate, which computes the full correlation, but perhaps there's a way to compute only the relevant parts of the correlation that contribute to the maximum. However, this might not be straightforward.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code proceeds as follows:

1. Loads initial_h_values and prepares the objective function.

2. Generates various initial guesses (periodic, binary, triangular, etc.) and optimizes them with SLSQP.

3. Runs differential evolution on the best guess found so far.

4. Refines the solution with SLSQP several times.

The problem is that the code might be stuck in local optima. To avoid that, perhaps the code needs to explore more diverse initial guesses, or use more advanced optimization techniques.

What if the code uses a combination of different optimization methods, like using differential evolution first to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP to further refine it? That's what the code does.

Alternatively, using a more efficient differential evolution setup, with better parameters. For example, increasing the number of generations or adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of initial guesses. What if instead of a fixed set, we generate more guesses with varying parameters? For example, generating functions with random frequencies and duty cycles, then optimizing them.

But generating too many guesses could be time-consuming. However, since the code is allowed to run up to 100 seconds, maybe it's feasible.

Alternatively, instead of using predefined guesses, the code can generate random initial guesses that are constrained in some way. For example, generating binary-like functions with varying parameters.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, using a Latin hypercube sampling approach to generate initial guesses, but again, the code has to fit within the time budget.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the code can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where the goal is to minimize the maximum overlap while keeping the integral constraint satisfied. However, this is similar to what the current code does.

Perhaps the most promising improvement is to adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations in differential evolution, or using more precise settings in SLSQP.

Another point is that the previous code uses the same initial guess (initial_h_values) as one of the guesses. Maybe the initial guess is already close to the optimal, so the code should focus on refining it further.

Additionally, the code's refine_with_slsqp step is called a few times. Maybe increasing the number of refinements could help. Or using a different optimization method for refinement.

Another idea: the code could use a line search or trust region method for refinement, but that's already covered by SLSQP.

Alternatively, using the gradient-based method with a better step size or tolerance.

Overall, the main improvements could be in the differential evolution setup and the SLSQP refinement steps. Maybe by adjusting the parameters, the code can find better solutions.

So, the plan for the new code is:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the base.

- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including some that are derived from the initial_h_values.

- Use differential evolution with more aggressive parameters to explore the search space.

- Refine the best solution found with SLSQP multiple times, with more iterations.

- Also, consider using a different set of initial guesses that are more tailored to the problem, such as functions that have a certain symmetry or structure.

In terms of code changes:

- Perhaps using more efficient ways to generate initial guesses, like varying parameters of functions that are known to have good properties.

- Adjusting the parameters of differential evolution (e.g., increasing maxiter, changing popsize).

- Adding more refinement steps with SLSQP.

- Maybe using a different initial guess, like a more evenly spaced pattern.

For example, instead of generating guesses based on sine waves, maybe creating a function that is 1 in certain intervals spaced apart.

But how to generate such a function algorithmically?

Alternatively, perhaps generating a function that is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second half, but that might not be optimal.

But the initial code already has the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point. So, maybe the code should focus on refining that initial guess with more sophisticated optimization steps.

In the previous code, the refine_with_slsqp is called a few times, but perhaps increasing the number of refinements or the number of iterations in SLSQP would help.

Another thing: the code uses a maximum of 600 iterations for SLSQP, which might be too time-consuming. Maybe reducing that or adjusting it based on the time budget.

Also, the code's evaluations are done with a 'full' correlation, which could be computationally expensive. Perhaps precomputing the correlation for certain shifts or optimizing the calculation.

But since the code is already using numpy for the correlation, it's probably efficient enough.

Putting it all together, the new code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as a base.

- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including some based on different waveforms.

- Use differential evolution with adjusted parameters.

- Refine the best guess with SLSQP multiple times.

- Possibly adjust the number of optimization steps to fit within the time budget.

Now, I need to translate these ideas into code.

First, the code should start with the initial_h_values. Then, create some initial guesses. The previous code includes a list of guess functions, but possibly adding more types or adjusting parameters.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can generate initial guesses that are variations of the initial_h_values, such as adding random noise or perturbing certain points.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the main guess and then create perturbations around it for the initial guesses. This might help in cases where the initial guess is close to the optimal.

But generating those perturbations could be done by adding some small random noise to each element of the initial_h_values.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as one of the initial guesses and then generate others based on different waveforms.

In terms of code, perhaps the list of guesses could include the initial_h_values, plus some generated functions with different parameters, and a few random guesses.

Then, the code would optimize each of these guesses with SLSQP, and then proceed with differential evolution on the best result.

Another thing: the differential evolution step might be called multiple times with different parameters. The previous code runs it once, then refines with SLSQP. Maybe running it multiple times with different parameters could lead to better results.

In terms of code structure, here's what I can think of:

1. Define the objective function as before.

2. Generate initial guesses. Maybe include the initial_h_values, plus some random guesses, and some predefined waveforms.

3. Run SLSQP on all guesses and find the best.

4. Run differential evolution on the best guess from step 3, then refine with SLSQP.

5. Possibly run more rounds of differential evolution or refine steps.

Now, let's consider adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution. For example, increasing maxiter and changing popsize.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with maxiter=40, but maybe increasing this to 50 or 60 would help.

Also, the mutation parameter is set to (0.7, 0.95), which is a range for the mutation strength. Maybe adjusting this range could lead to better exploration.

Additionally, the code could use a larger population size, like 150 instead of 100.

In terms of code, modifying the differential evolution call to have higher maxiter and/or popsize.

Another point: the evaluation in the code uses 'full' correlation, but for the integral calculation, perhaps we can precompute the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum. For example, only considering shifts up to a certain value. However, the code as written takes the max over all shifts, which is correct.

Overall, the code needs to be adjusted to improve the optimization steps, possibly by increasing the number of iterations, changing the population size, and refining the guesses with better parameters.

Another possible change is to use different optimization methods for different parts. For example, using COBYLA for some steps if the constraints are easier to handle.

But given the time constraints, sticking to SLSQP and differential evolution seems manageable.

Now, implementing these changes into the code. The code would need to:

- Include more initial guesses, perhaps with more variation.

- Adjust differential evolution parameters.

- Refine the solution more times.

Here's a rough outline of changes:

In the guesses section:

- Add more functions. For example, adding a random initial guess with some noise.

- Adding a guess based on splitting the interval into equal parts, with 1s in some of them.

But how to generate that? For example, splitting into 5 or 6 intervals, each of length 0.4, and placing 1s in non-overlapping positions.

But generating such a function algorithmically could be done by creating a vector where certain segments are 1.

However, given the code's need to be concise and avoid long literals, it's better to generate these functions with NumPy.

Another idea: for a binary function, create a vector where every nth element is 1, spaced out as much as possible. For example, placing 1s at positions that are as far apart as possible.

But with varying numbers of 1s, since the integral of h is 1, the total length of 1s is 1 unit. For example, if each 1 is a unit length, then there would be one such segment, but with more segments, they would be smaller.

This is getting complex. Perhaps it's better to rely on the existing guess functions.

Now, the code could be modified as follows:

- Increase the maxiter for differential evolution.

- Use a larger popsize.

- Run differential evolution multiple times with different parameters.

- Add more guesses, like the initial_h_values and some random perturbations.

So, in the code, the guesses list would include the initial_h_values, and perhaps some randomly perturbed versions of it, and other waveforms.

Now, implementing these changes into the code.

The main changes would be in the differential evolution parameters and the guesses list.

Additionally, the code could use more refinement steps, like running SLSQP multiple times with different parameters.

In terms of code structure, the code would look similar to the previous one but with adjusted parameters and more guesses.

Given the time constraints, the code would need to be efficient but also effective. Therefore, the final code should focus on exploring the search space more thoroughly, possibly with more aggressive optimization settings.

Another possible improvement is to use a combination of different initial guesses, including the initial_h_values and random ones, to avoid getting stuck in a local optimum.

In conclusion, the new code should:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.

- Use more aggressive parameters for differential evolution.

- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

- Adjust the number of iterations and tolerances to fit within the time budget.

These changes should help in finding a better solution for the Erdős constant.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    def generate_random_perturbation(h_base, std=0.1):
        return np.clip(h_base + np.random.normal(0, std, n_points), 0, 1)
    
    def generate_binary(freq, duty):
        return np.clip(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * np.arange(n_points)) > 0, 0, 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [generate_random_perturbation(h)]
    for f, d in [(3, 0.2), (4, 0.4), (5, 0.3), (6, 0.2)]:
        guesses.append(generate_binary(f, d))
    
    def generate_periodic(period):
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * np.sin(2 * np.pi * np.arange(n_points) / period), 0, 1)
    
    for p in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(generate_periodic(p))
    
    def generate_one_sided(freq):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * t))
        return np.clip(wave, 0, 1)
    
    for f in [3, 4, 5]:
        guesses.append(generate_one_sided(f))
    
    guesses.append(np.random.rand(n_points))
    guesses.append(h)
    
    for guess in guesses:
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    # Differential evolution with refined parameters
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 40:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=120, maxiter=45,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 0.98), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    # Refinement with SLSQP
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```