<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of SLSQP optimization and differential evolution with various initial guesses. But maybe there's a better way to approach this.

First, let me understand the problem again. We need to find a step function h on [0, 2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is computed using convolution, specifically the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. The goal is to minimize the maximum value of this integral, which gives an upper bound for C₅.

The previous code used an initial guess based on some waveforms, then tried different optimization methods. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about what might be wrong with the approach.

One possible issue is that the initial guess might be too constrained. The initial_h_values might not be the optimal starting point, leading the optimization to get stuck in local minima. Also, the optimization method might not be efficient enough. The previous code used SLSQP with 200 iterations, but perhaps a different algorithm or a better setup could work better.

Another thought: the problem is a constrained optimization problem. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1. Since we're dealing with step functions, maybe there's a way to discretize it more effectively. But the user wants to stay within the given discretization, using n_points samples.

Also, the current approach uses a mix of SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution is good for global optimization, but maybe we can combine it with other techniques, like gradient-based methods, or use better parameter tuning.

Wait, the problem requires that the overlap integral is minimized. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since we're dealing with a step function, maybe there's a way to model this as a binary optimization problem, but that might be too complex.

Alternatively, considering the dual problem: perhaps the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. For example, shifts that are small (like k=0.5 or something) might be critical. So perhaps we can focus on optimizing the function to minimize overlaps at those critical shifts.

Another idea: the previous code tried different waveforms, like pulse and sawtooth. What if we try other shapes, like triangular waves, or more complex patterns? Or maybe use symmetry or periodicity to construct h.

But since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps a better approach is to use a structured optimization where we can model the problem in terms of the positions of the steps. For example, if h is a step function with certain intervals where it's 1 and 0, then the overlap for different shifts can be calculated based on those intervals. However, dealing with that might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. Since the problem is non-convex and has many local optima, perhaps a better approach is to use a population-based optimization like genetic algorithms, but with careful tuning of parameters.

Wait, the previous code already used differential evolution. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation parameters could help. But given the time budget, perhaps we need to optimize the hyperparameters of the optimizer.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of n_points (which is the length of initial_h_values). If the initial_h_values have 45 points, perhaps trying a larger n_points could lead to better results, but the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the code is supposed to return the best solution found within the time budget.

Alternatively, maybe the previous code is stuck in a local minimum. To escape that, maybe using multiple starting points with different structures. For example, instead of generating random initial guesses, perhaps using different patterns, like combining pulses, or placing steps at certain positions to minimize overlaps.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when shifted, it overlaps less with itself. This is similar to the concept of a "spread" function, which might have certain properties. Maybe there's a way to model this with known mathematical functions, like using a sinusoidal function with certain frequencies, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the previous code tried some waveforms, like pulse and sawtooth. What if we use a more optimal waveform? For example, a function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But how to determine such intervals?

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, if the function has a certain number of "blocks" where it's 1 and 0, then shifting by certain amounts would lead to overlaps that can be calculated based on the block positions.

But manually designing such a function might be difficult. Perhaps using a greedy algorithm to adjust the positions of the blocks. However, this might be too simplistic.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be seen as a convolution, so perhaps using Fourier analysis. The integral over all shifts would be related to the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. Maybe there's a way to use the Fourier transform to find the optimal h. However, since we're dealing with real-valued functions, this might not be straightforward, but perhaps we can find a way to apply some optimization based on frequency components.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as a game, where the function h is trying to avoid overlaps when shifted by any k. This might suggest that h should be constructed to have a certain spread, perhaps using a function that is a sum of shifted basis functions that minimize the overlaps.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

The previous code uses a combination of optimization methods, which is one approach. Maybe we can improve the code by using better initial guesses, adjusting the optimization parameters, or using different optimization algorithms.

Looking at the code, the initial guesses are based on pulse, sawtooth, and triangular waves. Maybe trying other initial configurations, such as varying frequencies or amplitudes, could help. Also, maybe using a more sophisticated way to generate initial guesses.

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using more iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. Also, perhaps using a different optimization method, like COBYLA or BFGS, which are better for certain problem types.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most effective way is to improve the initial guesses and the optimization parameters, and use a more efficient search strategy.

Wait, the code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it's possible that the population size is too small or the mutation parameters are not optimal. Maybe increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation scaling could help find better solutions.

Also, in the previous code, after using differential evolution, there's a loop that applies SLSQP to the best solution. Maybe doing more iterations of SLSQP with different parameters could refine the solution.

Another possible improvement: the problem has a symmetry. For example, since the interval is [0,2], maybe the function h can be constructed as periodic or symmetric in some way. For instance, making h symmetric around the center of the interval might help in balancing the overlaps.

Alternatively, using a function that is a piecewise constant function with specific intervals that are arranged to avoid overlaps. For example, placing the 1's in intervals that are spaced apart, so that shifting them would not overlap much.

But how to model this? Maybe the initial_h_values have a certain pattern, and we can try to improve it by adjusting the positions of the blocks. For instance, if the initial h has certain blocks, we can try to shift them to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed n_points. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. However, the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps using n_points=45 is acceptable, but trying larger n_points might not be allowed.

Wait, but the problem says 'smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred'. So maybe using n_points=45 is acceptable. The previous code uses the initial_h_values which is 45 samples. But can we try other n_points? Probably not, since the user wants to keep it as small as possible. So we should stick with the given initial_h_values.

So, the plan is to refine the code to improve the optimization process.

Here's what I can do:

1. Improve the initial guesses. Instead of generating random initial guesses, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, generating different patterns like varying pulse widths and positions, or combining multiple waveforms.

2. Adjust the optimization parameters. For example, increasing the number of iterations in SLSQP, or adjusting the tolerance for convergence.

3. Use a different optimization algorithm for the local search. Perhaps using a more efficient method like BFGS with constraints, or a hybrid approach.

4. Implement a better way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing some values or vectorizing the calculations.

5. Make sure that the code is efficient enough to run within the time budget. Maybe using more efficient data structures or reducing redundant calculations.

But given the constraints, the previous code already uses differential evolution. Perhaps using more iterations or better parameters in differential evolution can help. Alternatively, using a different initial guess generation strategy.

Another thought: the code generates guesses based on pulse and sawtooth functions. What if we include other shapes or use more systematic random variations? For example, generating random step functions with varying numbers of steps, or using a more sophisticated random initialization.

Also, the code has a loop where after using differential evolution, it applies SLSQP again to refine the solution. Maybe doing more iterations of this could help.

Alternatively, can we use a different optimization method that's better suited for this problem? For example, using a genetic algorithm with more population diversity.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code by:

- Using more effective initial guesses.
- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization methods.
- Possibly using a different algorithm for the local search.

Let me think about how to modify the existing code.

First, the initial guesses: the code generates a few pulses, sawtooth, and triangular waves. Maybe we can generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of using fixed frequencies, generate random frequencies and duty cycles.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess based on the initial_h_values, but with some perturbations.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and slightly perturb them to create new initial guesses. This could help explore the neighborhood of the initial solution.

Also, in the code, after generating some initial guesses, there's a loop that adds random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses could help, but it's already limited.

Another thing: the code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of maxiter and ftol. Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow the optimization to find better solutions.

Also, the differential evolution step may benefit from adjusting parameters like mutation and crossover rates. For example, increasing mutation strength could explore more of the search space.

In the current code's differential evolution step, the parameters are set to mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, and maxiter=50. Maybe adjusting these parameters could lead to better results.

Additionally, in the code, after differential evolution, there's a loop that applies SLSQP again to the best solution. Maybe doing multiple such refinements could help.

Another angle: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can take into account the different shifts. For example, instead of computing all shifts and taking the maximum, maybe focus on the critical shifts where the overlap is the highest and try to minimize those. However, this would require knowing which shifts are critical, which is not known upfront.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize multiple shifts simultaneously. But that might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe approximate the problem by focusing on a subset of shifts that are most likely to be the maximum. For example, considering shifts that correspond to the width of the function. If the function has a certain width, then shifts around that width might be the most critical.

But without knowing the optimal structure of h, this is speculative.

Another thought: the current code uses the same n_points throughout. Maybe the initial_h_values has a certain structure that can be improved by adjusting the positions of the steps. For example, if the initial function is a series of blocks, we could try to move them to minimize overlaps.

But how to model this? It's tricky.

In the end, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing code by:

- Adjusting the parameters of the optimization algorithms.
- Using more effective initial guesses.
- Applying more refinement steps to the best solution.

So, modifying the previous code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps, or adjust the tolerance.
2. Use different parameters for differential evolution.
3. Generate more varied initial guesses.

Let me try to implement these changes.

First, for the initial guesses, instead of using just a few predefined waveforms, perhaps generate more random guesses. For example, generate multiple random functions that meet the integral constraint.

But in the existing code, the initial guesses are generated by adding some waveforms and some random ones. Maybe increasing the number of these could help.

Alternatively, after the initial guesses, perform more differential evolution runs with different parameters.

Another improvement: the code uses a fixed number of iterations for SLSQP. Maybe increasing this number would allow the optimization to converge better.

Also, the code might not be fully utilizing the available time. The current code runs differential evolution for 50 iterations with a population of 100, then applies SLSQP again. But maybe increasing the number of iterations or the population size could help.

Another possibility: the code evaluates the correlation as the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation has different lengths. The current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which returns a result of length 2n-1 for n points. For each shift k, the integral is computed as the corresponding value. However, the maximum of these values is taken as the C5.

Wait, in the code, the objective function is computed as max(corr) * dx, where corr is the cross-correlation. However, for the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, the values correspond to different shifts. The maximum over these shifts is what determines C5.

But perhaps the current code is not considering all possible shifts. For example, in the cross-correlation result, the maximum might be at certain positions. However, since the integral is over the entire domain, the shifts are from -2 to 2. But with the current setup, the cross-correlation mode='full' gives the shifts k in a certain range. So the code is correctly evaluating the maximum over all possible shifts.

Another idea: the current code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which is correct. But maybe using a different method to compute the convolution would be more efficient or accurate. However, NumPy's correlate is vectorized, so it's probably fine.

So, to summarize, the possible improvements are:

1. Improve the initial guesses by generating more diverse starting points.
2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms (SLSQP, differential evolution) to find better solutions.
3. Refine the best solution with more optimization steps.
4. Use a different approach for the initial guess, such as a more structured initial configuration.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code.

First, for generating more initial guesses, instead of using only a few predefined waveforms, generate more random variations. For example, instead of adding 10 random guesses, maybe generate more of them.

Alternatively, use a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, create functions with different numbers of steps, or varying widths.

But how to do this efficiently with code?

Alternatively, generate initial guesses by modifying the initial_h_values with some perturbations. For example, creating a few variations by adjusting the positions of the steps.

Another idea: since the initial_h_values is a step function, maybe create initial guesses by taking that function and adding small random noise, then normalizing.

But the code needs to generate the initial guesses in a way that meets the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2.

Alternatively, generate random initial guesses that satisfy the integral constraint. For example, generate random values for h, then adjust them so that their sum is equal to n_points / 2. This can be done by adding a small random perturbation and then projecting to the correct sum.

In code, this could be done as follows:

def generate_random_guess(n_points):
    h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
    sum_h = np.sum(h)
    target = n_points / 2
    scale = target / sum_h
    h = h * scale
    return h

But this would create a function that meets the integral constraint. However, this might not be the best approach since it's just a random guess. Still, adding more of these random guessing could help the differential evolution find better solutions.

In the previous code, there's a loop that adds random guesses. Maybe increasing the number of random guesses generated.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of guesses, but maybe using more guesses could help. For example, in the existing code, after some waveforms, there's a loop that adds 10 random guesses. Maybe increasing that count to 50 or 100.

But with the time budget, this could take longer. However, since differential evolution is a population-based method, having more initial guesses might help.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses.

Also, in the differential evolution step, the parameters might be adjusted. For example, increasing maxiter from 50 to 100, or increasing the population size.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method for the local search. For example, using the BFGS method instead of SLSQP. But BFGS requires gradients, which might be complex to compute. However, the objective function is smooth, so maybe it's possible to compute the gradient.

But computing the gradient of the objective function could be time-consuming. However, with the current code, it's possible to compute the gradient of the cross-correlation with respect to h.

But given the time constraints, maybe it's easier to stick with SLSQP.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as the first guess. Maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, so generating a better initial guess could help. For example, maybe the initial_h_values is a known construction that has a C5 bound of 0.381142, but we can try to optimize it further.

Given that the user wants to improve on the previous result, the code should focus on refining this initial guess.

Putting it all together, here's my plan for modifying the code:

- Generate more initial guesses, including more random attempts and more structured waveforms.
- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to allow more iterations and better convergence.
- Perform more refinement steps on the best solution found.

Implementing these changes in the code.

Now, translating this into code:

First, in the guess generation part, instead of adding a few waveforms and a few random guesses, perhaps generate more random guesses.

Also, the differential evolution parameters: try increasing the population size, or adjusting the mutation parameters. For example, using a higher mutation range.

In the existing code, the differential evolution is called with:
res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50, mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)

Maybe increasing the maxiter to 100 or 200, and adjusting the mutation parameters.

Also, in the SLSQP steps, increasing the maxiter and adjusting the tolerance.

Another idea: the code has a loop that applies SLSQP to the best solution multiple times. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in the SLSQP steps.

Additionally, using a different method for the local optimization, like using a combination of different methods.

But given the time, I'll focus on modifying the code to include more initial guesses and adjust the parameters of the optimization steps.

So, here's the revised code:

- Generate more initial guesses, including more random guesses.
- Adjust the mutation parameters in differential evolution.
- Increase the number of iterations in differential evolution and SLSQP.

Let me write the code accordingly.

Also, the previous code adds some guesses based on waveforms. Maybe adding more waveforms with different parameters.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key changes are:

1. Increase the number of random guesses generated.
2. Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution.
3. Increase the number of SLSQP refinement steps.

Another possible optimization is to use a different optimization algorithm for the local search. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which is a simplex-based optimization.

But given the time, perhaps sticking with SLSQP is better.

Finally, to ensure that the code runs within the time budget, it's important to balance the number of iterations and the population size.

Putting it all together:

The modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses, including more random ones.
- Use a higher population size and more iterations in differential evolution.
- Perform more refinement steps with SLSQP.

Now, writing this into the code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_wave(freq, duty, wave_type):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if wave_type == 'pulse':
            wave = np.abs(np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x))
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'tri':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
    for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'saw'))
        guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'tri'))
    for _ in range(30):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=150, maxiter=100,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.95), recombination=0.85, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```