<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize a step function h over [0, 2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876.

First, I should understand how the previous code works. The initial_h_values is a starting point with 45 samples. The code uses a variety of guess functions like pulse, saw, and triangular waves with different frequencies and duties. Then it applies SLSQP optimization with constraints. Differential evolution is used to explore the search space further, and then some more SLSQP refinements.

But maybe there's a better way. The previous approach might be stuck in local minima. What if I try a different starting point? Or use a more efficient optimization method?

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated using cross-correlation, which is equivalent to the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) for each k. The maximum of these values over k is the C5 value we want to minimize.

The constraints are that the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, so the sum of h values is n_points / 2. The function h is a step function with values between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods. To improve, perhaps we need to explore more diverse initial points, use different optimization techniques, or adjust hyperparameters.

Another idea: the problem might benefit from using a genetic algorithm or other global optimization methods. However, the previous code already uses differential evolution. Maybe increasing the population size or mutation rate could help, but that might take more time.

Alternatively, perhaps using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might be suboptimal. Maybe generating a more structured initial guess, like a regular pattern or using symmetry.

Wait, the Erdős problem is related to minimizing the maximum overlap. A known approach for this problem is to use a symmetric function with certain periodic properties. For example, a two-level function (0 or 1) that is symmetric around the center of the interval might be optimal. But since we are allowed to have continuous step functions, maybe a more sophisticated pattern.

Another approach is to model the problem as an optimization with constraints. The integral constraint is linear, and the objective is a max function over the cross-correlation values. However, the max function makes it non-convex, so standard convex optimization methods might not work. Therefore, heuristic methods like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing are more suitable.

But given the time budget, maybe using a combination of different optimizers. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe adding another step with a different method, like particle swarm optimization?

Wait, the previous code already uses differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not diverse enough. For example, the initial guesses include pulses, saw, and triangular waves, but maybe other waveforms or more complex patterns can lead to better results.

Alternatively, what if we try to use a more efficient way to generate initial guesses? For example, using functions with different periodicities, or more complex waveforms that could lead to lower overlap.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe a larger n_points allows for more precise optimization, but it might take longer. The user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so maybe 45 is acceptable. However, perhaps using a different number of points (like 60 or 80) could lead to better results with the same time budget.

Wait, the run function is called with a seed, and the initial_h_values is given. The previous code uses 45 points. Maybe trying different numbers of points could be better. However, the user says to prefer smaller sequences, so maybe sticking to 45 is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different structure for h. For example, a piecewise constant function with certain intervals where h is 1 or 0. For instance, a block function with several segments. But how to model that in the optimization?

But the code already uses a step function with n_points samples, so the optimization is over those samples. Maybe the challenge is to find a way to explore the search space more effectively.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed set of guesses. Maybe generating guesses based on different parameters, like varying the duty cycle or frequency of the pulse or saw waves. However, maybe the current guesses are not sufficient. For example, trying different wave types or combining them.

Wait, the initial code uses guesses based on different pulse, saw, and triangular waves. Maybe adding more variations, like different waveforms (like square waves, sine waves), or combining them.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then applying some transformation. For example, perturbing it with noise, or using it as a base and varying certain parameters.

Another approach: since the problem is a minimax optimization, maybe using a gradient-based method, but since the objective is non-convex and has multiple local minima, it's tricky. The SLSQP method might not find the global minimum if the initial guess is not good enough.

Thus, perhaps the key is to generate more diverse initial guesses and use a combination of optimization methods. For example, in addition to differential evolution and SLSQP, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population size.

But given the time constraints, maybe the previous approach can be modified. For instance, increasing the number of initial guesses, varying the parameters more, or using a different optimization strategy.

Alternatively, maybe using random restarts with different initial points. The previous code uses some random guesses, but perhaps adding more.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same number of points (45) throughout. What if we can find a better initial guess with a different number of points? For example, trying 60 points and then using a different optimization strategy.

But since the user says smaller sequences are preferred, perhaps 45 is acceptable.

Wait, the initial code's best result was 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So even a small improvement can make a difference.

Another idea: perhaps the cross-correlation for different shifts k can be modeled, and the maximum can be minimized by balancing the overlaps. For example, if we can ensure that for most shifts, the overlap is below a certain threshold, then the maximum would be low.

But how to model that in the optimization? Maybe through a more targeted approach, like using a penalty function that encourages lower values for all shifts, but that's vague.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the overlap. Let me think: for each shift k, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k))dx is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. The sum over k would be part of the problem, but here we are maximizing over k.

But the current approach is to compute all these integrals and take the maximum, then minimize that maximum.

Now, the key is to find a function h that spreads out the overlaps. Perhaps by making h have a structure that, when shifted, doesn't overlap much with itself.

For example, if h is a periodic function with certain properties. Like a symmetric pattern with intervals where h is high and low alternately.

Another approach is to use Fourier analysis. Since the overlap integral is related to cross-correlation, perhaps using a function with certain Fourier components suppressed.

But integrating that into the optimization is challenging.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (0 or 1), but since we can have continuous values, perhaps a function that resembles a binary pattern with smooth transitions.

But the optimization is over continuous values. So, maybe the previous code's approach is the best, but with more effective initial guesses and optimization steps.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated by various waveforms. Maybe adding more of those, like different frequencies or duty cycles, could help. For example, trying more variation in the wave parameters.

Alternatively, using a randomized approach for generating initial guesses. Instead of fixed parameters, generate random frequencies and duties for each guess.

But how to do that without exceeding the time budget?

Another thought: the previous code uses differential evolution for global search, but perhaps the parameters (like popsize, mutation, recombination) can be adjusted to find better solutions.

Moreover, after differential evolution, the code applies SLSQP. But maybe instead of SLSQP, using a different local optimizer like basin-hopping or Bayesian optimization could help.

But given the time constraints and the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient.

Wait, the user's previous code uses 45 points and differential evolution with popsize=100 and maxiter=50. But maybe with a smaller popsize and more iterations?

Alternatively, maybe increasing the number of initial guesses. For example, generating more random initial points.

Another thing to note: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but maybe modifying that initial guess could be better.

Alternatively, trying different starting points. For example, starting with a function that is a combination of a few blocks, like two blocks of 1s separated by a gap. But how to generate that?

But the initial_h_values is provided by the parent construction, and the code must use it directly. So the initial guess is fixed.

Therefore, perhaps the previous code's approach can be improved by changing the way initial guesses are generated, or by changing the optimization parameters.

Here's a possible plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point and apply a more effective optimization, like using a hybrid of differential evolution and SLSQP.

2. Generate a larger set of initial guesses, including more complex waveforms, perhaps with varying frequencies and duties.

3. Use a more efficient local optimizer. For example, use the Sequential Least Squares Programming (SLSQP) with tighter tolerances.

4. Adjust the parameters of differential evolution to allow for more exploration.

5. Implement some form of multi-start optimization, trying multiple initial points.

But how to implement this within the code?

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach is too slow. The previous code uses differential evolution with a popsize of 100 and maxiter=50. Maybe reducing the popsize and increasing maxiter could help, but that's a trade-off.

Another idea: since the problem is non-convex, using a genetic algorithm might be more effective. However, Python's scipy does not have a built-in genetic algorithm. However, the differential evolution is a type of evolutionary algorithm, so maybe using that with more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different method, like the basin-hopping algorithm. However, I'm not sure if that's available in scipy.optimize.

Wait, the scipy.optimize module includes a basin_hopping function. Let me check. Yes, scipy.optimize.basinhopping could be used here. It combines local optimization with random perturbations, which might help escape local minima.

So, maybe adding basin-hopping as another optimizer step could be beneficial.

But integrating that into the code would require another optimization call.

Alternatively, using differential evolution followed by some local optimization steps.

But given the time constraints, the code must be as efficient as possible.

So, modifying the previous code to include more initial guesses, and using a more effective optimization method like basin-hopping.

Another idea is to use the initial_h_values and then apply a local optimizer with multiple starting points. For example, perturbing the initial guess and optimizing each.

But the code must be efficient and fit within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed number of guesses. Maybe generating more guesses by varying the parameters of the wave functions.

For example, in the previous code, the guesses include pulses with frequencies from 3 to 8, saw and triangular waves with duty cycles of 0.2 to 0.5. Maybe adding more frequencies and different wave types.

But this could lead to more initial guesses and hence more computation time.

Alternatively, using a different approach for generating initial guesses. For example, using a function that generates a random pattern with certain properties, like being symmetric or having certain intervals.

Alternatively, using a different approach to construct the initial guess. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But since we are allowed to use algorithmic construction, perhaps generating a function with multiple segments.

But given the time, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to improve the initial guesses and optimization steps.

Another possible improvement is to adjust the bounds on the optimization. For example, allowing the function to have both 0 and 1 values, but the code already has bounds of [0, 1].

Another thought: since the overlap is maximized over all k, perhaps the critical shifts are around certain values. For example, shifts that correspond to the length of the interval. For instance, in [0,2], shifting by k=0.5, 1.0, etc.

But I'm not sure how to use that knowledge in the optimization.

Alternatively, the problem can be viewed as a packing problem. The function h needs to be spread out such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap much with itself.

In the Erdős problem, the optimal function is expected to be a two-level function (either 0 or 1) with irregular spacing. But because the problem allows continuous step functions, maybe a function with more levels could be better.

But in the current code, the function is a step function with n_points samples, which is effectively a piecewise constant function. So, the idea is to find the best such function.

Given all these considerations, here's a plan for improving the code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

2. Generate more diverse initial guesses by using a wider range of frequencies and duty cycles for different wave types.

3. Use a combination of differential evolution and basin-hopping to explore different regions of the search space.

4. Increase the number of initial guesses and the diversity in the initial population.

5. Use tighter tolerances in the optimization steps to find better local minima.

However, given the time constraints, the code must be efficient. Therefore, the previous approach may be modified by:

- Adding more initial guesses with different wave parameters.

- Using basin-hopping as an additional optimization method.

- Increasing the number of iterations for the differential evolution.

But in practice, the code may need to be adjusted to fit within the time budget.

Another idea: the previous code applies SLSQP after differential evolution. Perhaps applying SLSQP more times, or using more aggressive optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a different local optimizer after finding a good solution.

But time is limited, so perhaps the best approach is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization steps.

Let me try to outline the changes to the previous code:

Modify the guesses to include more wave types and parameters. For example, adding more frequencies, or more complex waveforms.

Also, in the code, the guesses are generated using gen_wave with certain parameters. Maybe increasing the number of generated guesses, or varying the parameters more.

For example, instead of frequencies from 3 to 8, include more frequencies, and more duty cycles.

Alternatively, generate random wave parameters for some initial guesses.

Additionally, adding more random guesses. The previous code has 10 random guesses, but maybe adding more.

Also, using the Basin-hopping optimizer could be an improvement.

But how to implement that?

Alternatively, replace the differential evolution with a more effective global optimizer, but given that Differential Evolution is a standard approach, maybe it's already good.

Another thing: in the previous code, after the initial guesses, it runs differential evolution for two iterations, then applies some SLSQP refinements. Maybe increasing the iterations of differential evolution.

But the code has to fit within 100 seconds. So perhaps running differential evolution with a higher maxiter, but that may take longer.

Another idea: instead of running differential evolution for a fixed number of iterations, use a time-based approach. For example, stop when the time budget is reached.

But the current code has a check to break if the time is up.

In summary, the modified code could:

- Use more diverse initial guesses.

- Use a different optimization method like basin-hopping.

- Adjust the parameters of the differential evolution (e.g., popsize, mutation, recombination) to explore more effectively.

But integrating all these into the code.

However, the code must be concise and fit within the 300-line limit.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the overlap integral. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all lags. However, for the interval [0,2], when shifting by k, the integral is over the overlapping part. But perhaps the current code is correct.

Wait, the cross-correlation is calculated as the convolution of h and (1 - h) flipped. The mode 'full' gives all possible shifts. But for the problem, the integrals are evaluated over x where x + k is within [0,2], so the shifting k must be in [-2, 2]. However, the code computes the full cross-correlation, which might include values where x + k is outside the interval. Wait, no. The integration limits are over x in [0,2], so for each shift k, the integral is over x where x is in [0,2] and x + k is in [0,2]. However, the cross-correlation computed with mode 'full' may not exactly match this, because the cross-correlation for a shift k would be sum(h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) for x in [0, 2 - k] if k is positive, etc. But the dx is a step size, so the numerical approximation may have some inaccuracies. However, the previous code uses this approach, and it's correct for the discretized version.

Another possible issue is that the cross-correlation in numpy is discrete, which may not exactly match the continuous integral. However, since the dx is fixed, the code's calculation is correct for the discretized problem.

Therefore, the main challenge is to find a better optimization strategy.

Given all this, perhaps the best way is to enhance the initial guess generation and the optimization steps. Here's a possible plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

- Generate a large number of random initial guesses with varying parameters for pulse, saw, and triangular waves.

- Apply differential evolution with a higher population size and more iterations.

- After differential evolution, use more local optimization steps with SLSQP.

- Incorporate basin-hopping as an additional optimization method.

But given the time constraints, it's difficult to add all these. So perhaps the best approach is to adjust the initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

So, in the code:

- Increase the number of initial guesses.

- Use a different set of wave parameters.

For example, the previous code has guesses for frequencies from 3 to 8, but maybe expanding that range.

Also, for the random guesses, adding more.

Another idea: the code uses 10 random guesses. Maybe increasing that to 20 or more.

But the code must remain within 300 lines.

Alternatively, generate more initial guesses by using a broader range for frequencies and duties.

In the current code, for pulse waves, frequencies are 3-8, duties 0.2-0.5. Maybe expand that to include more frequencies and duties.

Also, use more wave types. For example, add a sine wave.

But this would require modifying the gen_wave function.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different approach for the initial guesses, like generating multiple random patterns.

But in code, this would require more lines.

Alternatively, generating initial guesses by sampling from the initial_h_values and adding some noise.

But again, this would require writing more code.

Considering all this, here's an outline of the modified code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.

2. Generate more initial guesses using various wave parameters.

3. Apply differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.

4. Use SLSQP after each differential evolution run.

5. Add more iterations of SLSQP refinement.

6. Use a more diverse set of initial guesses for multiple wave types.

Another thing: the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=200. Maybe increasing that to 300 or 500.

But the code must respect the time budget.

Putting this together, here's the plan for the code:

- Generate more initial guesses, including more frequencies and duties for pulse, saw, and triangular waves.

- Use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations.

- Apply SLSQP with more iterations after differential evolution.

- Add some random guesses.

This should potentially lead to better exploration of the search space.

Now, translating this into code changes.

The previous code generates guesses in loops for frequencies and duties. For example:

for freq in [3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
    guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, 0.5, 'pulse'))
for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
    guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'saw'))
    guesses.append(gen_wave(3, duty, 'tri'))

This could be modified to include more frequencies and duties. For example, using a range of frequencies and varying the duty cycle more.

Additionally, adding more wave types, like sine or square waves.

But since the code uses gen_wave, and the function can generate different wave types, maybe adding a few more.

But the code may already have the necessary functions.

Another thing: the previous code has a loop that adds 10 random guesses. Maybe increasing that to 20.

Also, in the differential evolution part, perhaps increasing popsize and maxiter, but that could take more time.

Finally, in the SLSQP refinement steps, perhaps applying more iterations.

But all these changes need to be made within the code's structure.

Therefore, the modified code will have more initial guesses, possibly with different parameters.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values may be a good starting point. The code uses it directly. So, the first guess is the initial one, then other guesses are added.

Thus, the code can be modified to include more diverse initial guesses, leading to better optimization.

Finally, the code must return the best solution found, with the best C5 value.

In conclusion, the code needs to be modified to include more diverse initial guesses, use more efficient optimization steps, and possibly adjust parameters to explore the search space better. This should help find a better upper bound for C5.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_wave(freq, duty, wave_type):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        if wave_type == 'pulse':
            wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
            return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'saw':
            return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
        elif wave_type == 'tri':
            return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]:
        for duty in [0.2, 0.3, 0.4]:
            guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, duty, 'pulse'))
            guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, duty, 'saw'))
            guesses.append(gen_wave(freq, duty, 'tri'))
    for _ in range(15):
        guesses.append(np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points))
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.95), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(4):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = slsqp_guess(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```