<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code tried using SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe there's a better way.

First, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1 - h, scaled by dx. The constraints are that h is a step function over [0,2], with the integral equal to 1.

The previous approach started with an initial guess and then used optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. But maybe this isn't efficient enough. Let's think of alternative strategies.

One idea is to model the problem as an optimization problem with more structured constraints. Since we're dealing with a step function, perhaps using a piecewise constant function that's optimized for the overlap. The key is to find h that minimizes the maximum overlap over all shifts.

Another thought is to use a different optimization technique. The previous code used SLSQP and differential evolution, but maybe a genetic algorithm could explore more diverse solutions. However, the previous code already tried differential evolution, so maybe combining methods.

Alternatively, considering the structure of the problem, maybe using Fourier analysis. The cross-correlation can be expressed in terms of the Fourier transform, so maybe we can find a function h whose Fourier transform has certain properties that minimize the maximum overlap. But integrating that into the optimization might be tricky.

Wait, the overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum value of the cross-correlation of h with 1-h. Since cross-correlation is similar to convolution, maybe we can use properties of Fourier transforms. However, optimizing in the Fourier domain might not be straightforward because we need to ensure the integral constraint is met.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of integral(h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx over k. Since k is a shift, maybe we can consider the integral over all possible k, but the maximum is taken over k. So, for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these.

The integral over x can be split into regions where h(x) and h(x + k) are both 0 or 1, but given that h is a step function, maybe the integral can be broken down into segments where h(x) is 0 or 1.

But how to model this? Perhaps by considering the positions where h(x) = 1 or 0, and ensuring that overlaps between these regions are minimized.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has a certain symmetry or periodic structure. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties. But since the domain is [0,2], perhaps a function that repeats every certain interval.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 1/2. So maybe h is designed to be approximately 0.5 on average, but with regions where it's higher or lower to minimize the overlaps. The challenge is to balance these regions so that when shifted, the product h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is minimized.

The previous code used different initial guesses like pulses, sawtooth, triangle waves. Maybe trying more structured initial guesses would help. For example, using a periodic function with a specific duty cycle or frequency.

Wait, but the problem is to find a function that's better than the current best. The current best is using a 45-point initial guess. Maybe using more points (like 64) could allow for finer control, but the budget is tight. The previous code used 45 points, which might be sufficient.

The main issue with the previous approach might be that it's getting stuck in local optima. So, maybe using a more global optimization strategy. Differential evolution is a global optimizer, but maybe with better parameters.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refine it with a local optimizer. The previous code did some of that by using differential evolution followed by SLSQP.

But perhaps using a different initial guess structure. For example, instead of generating pulses, sawtooth, etc., maybe using a binary-valued function with certain spacing, or a function with specific patterns that avoid overlaps.

Another thought: the maximum overlap occurs when h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are both significant. So, to minimize the maximum overlap, we need to ensure that h(x) is not simultaneously 1 in regions where 1-h is 1. Which would mean that h(x) and 1-h(x +k) are not both large over any shift k. This suggests that h should be designed so that its support (regions where it's 1) are spread out to avoid overlaps when shifted.

This is similar to the concept of a code with certain distance properties, like in coding theory. For example, in a binary code, you want codewords to be as far apart as possible. So, perhaps this is analogous to designing a binary function h that has its 1s placed such that when shifted, they don't overlap much with other regions.

But the function h is real-valued between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary. However, maybe the optimal solution is a binary function (values only 0 or 1), but the previous code uses step functions, which might be better.

Wait, the problem allows h to be any step function between 0 and 1. So perhaps a binary function (only 0 and 1) is optimal? But the integral constraint requires the average to be 0.5, so the number of 1s would be equal to the number of 0s if it's binary. But when you shift, the overlap would be the area where h(x)=1 and h(x +k)=0. For a binary function, this would be the product of the number of overlapping 1s and 0s.

But this might be a way to model the problem. So perhaps designing a binary function with certain spacing between 1s to minimize overlaps.

However, in the current code, the initial h_values are not binary. So maybe starting with binary functions could be better.

But how to generate such functions? For example, placing 1s at regular intervals. For instance, if we have n points, and the number of 1s is n/2, then placing them every other point would create a binary function with 0.5 density. But shifting by half the interval would cause maximum overlap.

But perhaps a more optimal arrangement is possible. For example, spacing the 1s in a non-uniform way. But generating such a function with a binary pattern might be challenging.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, which is a well-known problem in signal processing. In that context, optimal sequences are those that have low cross-correlation, such as Barker codes for certain lengths. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences with certain properties, and their existence is limited. But maybe similar principles apply here.

Another approach: use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust the function h to decrease that overlap. This could be done by moving points where the overlap is high to areas where they don't interfere as much. However, this is a heuristic and might not converge to the global optimum.

Alternatively, using simulated annealing, which allows for a balance between exploration and exploitation. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe other methods like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization could be more effective in finding better solutions, but they might be slower.

Wait, the budget is tight. The previous code uses differential evolution with a large popsize and iterations, which could be time-consuming. Maybe reducing the number of iterations or changing the parameters could help. Also, using a multistart approach with different initial guesses.

Another thought: the initial guess might be the bottleneck. The current initial guess is based on a specific construction, and if that's a local minimum, the code might not find a better solution. So, generating a variety of initial guesses is important. The previous code tried several types of functions (pulses, sawtooth, triangle, random), which is good. Maybe adding more types or better parameter choices could help.

For example, using functions with different frequencies and duty cycles, or even more complex patterns. Also, maybe combining multiple patterns.

But perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values are from the current best. If that's a local minimum, maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For instance, starting with a different pattern that's not too similar to the existing one.

Another idea: since the problem is about overlapping, maybe the optimal h has regions where it's 1 for a certain length and then 0, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlapping areas are minimized. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain period, then 0, then 1 again, but with varying lengths to avoid overlaps.

So, perhaps an approach that uses a periodic function with varying duty cycles. But how to model that in the optimization.

Alternatively, using a function that has multiple pulses with varying positions and widths. This might allow for more control over the overlaps.

But integrating all these into an optimization problem could be complex. However, perhaps using a more structured optimization approach would help.

Another thing: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 45. Maybe trying with more or fewer points could yield better results. For example, increasing the number of points might allow for a more precise function, but the computation time might increase. However, the problem states that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The previous code uses 45 points, which is small.

But perhaps the optimal solution requires more points. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, working with fewer points is better as they are faster to optimize.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given shift k is equal to the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). Let's note that for different shifts, the overlap can be viewed as a convolution. So, the maximum of these convolutions is what we need to minimize.

This suggests that the problem is similar to designing a function h with a certain property that its convolution with (1 - h) has a small maximum value.

In signal processing, this is akin to designing a filter with certain characteristics. However, I'm not sure how to directly apply that here.

Another idea: the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) over [0,2] is 1, then the first term is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, our objective is to minimize the maximum of 1 - such integral, which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx.

Wait, this is an important observation. The original problem is to minimize the maximum of the overlap integral, which is equal to 1 - the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx for each k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing, over all k, the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx, and then subtracting that from 1. Therefore, we want to maximize the minimum of these integrals over k, but the maximum of the overlap integral is 1 - the minimal of these integrals. Wait, no: since the overlap integral is 1 - integral(h(x)h(x +k)dx), then to minimize the maximum overlap integral (the C5), we need to maximize the minimal value of integral(h(x)h(x +k) dx) over all k. Because the maximum of the overlap integral would then be 1 minus the minimum of those integrals.

But how to phrase that: if we define for each k, the value E(k) = ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Then the overlap integral is 1 - E(k). So, C5 is the maximum of (1 - E(k)) over k. To minimize C5, we need to maximize the minimum E(k), because 1 - min(E(k)) is the maximum of (1 - E(k)).

So the problem reduces to: find h that maximizes the minimum E(k) over k. This is a different way to think about the problem, and might help in formulating the optimization.

But how can this help in practice? For example, if we can ensure that for all shifts k, the integral E(k) is as large as possible, that would lead to a lower C5.

This might suggest that the optimal h is such that it's as aligned as possible with its shifts, which seems contradictory. Wait, but the goal is to have h(x)h(x +k) be maximized for all k. However, because of the integral constraint, it's not possible to have E(k) be large for all k. Therefore, we need to design h such that the E(k) values are balanced across different k, making their minimum as large as possible.

This seems similar to a design that avoids too much variation in E(k). So, perhaps using a function h that's periodic or has certain regular structure.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? It might not be straightforward, but perhaps this observation can guide the choice of initial guesses.

Another thought: the integral E(k) is related to the autocorrelation of h. So, the problem is to maximize the minimum of the autocorrelation values of h for all possible shifts k. However, the autocorrelation function of h is defined for all lags, but in our case, the shifts k can be any real number, not just integer multiples. However, since we're working with a discrete approximation (n_points samples), the shifts are limited to certain steps.

But this might not directly help, as the problem involves continuous shifts. However, the discrete approximation is used for the computation.

So, considering that, the problem is to maximize the minimum of the autocorrelation values over all possible shifts. This is a max-min problem, which can be challenging.

But perhaps, for a given h, the minimum E(k) is determined by the worst-case shift. Therefore, our optimization problem is to find h such that this minimum is as large as possible.

But how to compute this? For a given h, the minimum E(k) is computed over all shifts k, and then we aim to maximize it. However, with the continuous shift k, it's not practical to compute this exactly. Instead, the discrete approximation is used, which involves checking for certain shifts (as per the sample points) and taking the maximum over those.

But in practice, the code computes the cross-correlation of h with (1 - h), which is equivalent to the integral over shifts. So, the current code is already using this approach.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is 1 - E(k), and we want to minimize its maximum, the optimal h should have E(k) values as large as possible. So, for example, if E(k) is large for all k, then the overlap integral would be small for all k, and the maximum would be small. However, achieving this is impossible, but we want to maximize the smallest E(k).

To achieve this, h should be such that it's "compatible" with all shifts. For example, if h is symmetric or has some periodicity, then perhaps E(k) is more consistent.

But how to model this? It's possible that the optimal h is a binary function with certain properties. For example, if h is a binary function that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged in a way that overlapping with shifted versions of itself has high E(k).

But how to construct such a function? Perhaps using a de Bruijn sequence or a similar structure, but for real numbers.

Alternatively, using a function with multiple overlapping regions that when shifted, still retain some overlap. This seems vague, but perhaps an example would help. For instance, if h is a square wave with a certain duty cycle and frequency, then shifting it by a quarter of its period would cause some overlap. But adjusting the parameters to maximize E(k) for all shifts is unclear.

Another approach: considering that E(k) is the inner product of h with its shifted version. To maximize the minimum of these inner products, the function h should be as "wide" as possible, but again, balancing this with the integral constraint.

But this is getting too abstract. Perhaps focusing on the code structure.

The previous code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe to improve the solution, we can:

1. Use more sophisticated initial guesses.
2. Use a more effective optimization algorithm.
3. Combine multiple optimization techniques.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust hyperparameters for better convergence.

For example, using a different initial guess generation method. The previous code uses pulses, sawtooth, triangle, and random. Maybe adding other types like sine waves, or combinations.

Alternatively, maybe the current initial guess is a local minimum, so using a different starting point could lead to a better solution.

Also, adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization methods. For example, in differential evolution, adjusting the mutation and recombination rates might help explore the search space better.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the actual integral for a continuous shift might differ from the discrete approximation. But given the problem statement, that's how the code is structured.

Another potential optimization: parallelizing the evaluation of different initial guesses, but given the single CPU constraint, that's not feasible.

Also, considering that the previous code uses 45 points, maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using 64 points might allow for a more refined function.

But given the time budget, it's important to keep the number of points manageable. Perhaps trying with a smaller number, like 32 points, which is faster to compute.

Wait, but the current code uses 45 points. Trying more points might be slower, but the problem says smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial_h_values might already be based on a certain number of points. So, trying with the same number of points as the initial guess (45) is better.

So, perhaps the main improvements are:

- Use a more effective optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, but with the same parameters.
- Combine initial guesses with different structures.
- Tune the optimization hyperparameters for better convergence.
- Use more advanced optimization techniques like trust region methods.

But the previous code already used differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe using a different combination of methods.

Alternatively, using the Sequential Quadratic Programming (SLSQP) method with a better initial guess and more iterations.

Another idea: use the initial guess from the current best and refine it with a more focused optimization. For example, using the SLSQP optimizer with a tight convergence tolerance.

Also, the previous code has a refinement phase with multiple SLSQP runs. Maybe increasing the number of refinement steps or adjusting the options for SLSQP.

Moreover, the problem states that the initial_h_values are available, so using them as a starting point, but trying to find a better solution from there.

Another potential issue is that the current code may not be exploring enough different regions of the search space. The differential evolution might get stuck in local optima, so increasing the population size or mutation parameters could help.

But with the time budget, increasing the number of iterations might be expensive. So, perhaps a balanced approach.

In summary, the steps could be:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as a starting point.
2. Generate a variety of other initial guesses (different waveforms, random, etc.).
3. Use differential evolution to find a good initial guess.
4. Apply SLSQP optimization to refine the solution.
5. Use refinement steps with SLSQP to further improve.
6. Adjust hyperparameters of the optimization methods to improve convergence.

But to implement this in code without overcomplicating, perhaps modifying the previous code's approach by changing the initial guesses, hyperparameters, and combining methods.

Another thing: the current code uses 45 points. If the initial_h_values are 45 points, then the code's n_points is fixed. Maybe trying to use more points (like 64) would allow for a better solution. However, increasing the number of points increases the computation time. But given the time budget, it's worth trying.

For example, if the code uses 64 points instead of 45, the dx would be 2.0 / 64 = 0.03125, and the sample size increases. But the computation time may be acceptable within the 100s budget.

However, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so using 45 is better. But perhaps the initial_h_values are for 45 points, and we should stick to that.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial guess and some others. Maybe the best approach is to randomly perturb the initial guess and re-optimize. Since the problem is highly non-convex, random perturbations might help escape local optima.

In the previous code, initial_guesses includes several types of functions. Maybe adding more types or varying the parameters could help.

For example, instead of using just 3, 4, 5, etc., as frequencies for pulses, maybe using a wider range or different distributions.

Alternatively, using a structured initial guess based on the current best, but with slight modifications.

Another thing: the evaluation function computes the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation as computed by np.correlate with mode 'full' may not exactly match the continuous integral, but for a sampled function, it's the best approximation.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different patterns (maybe more structured or random).
- Use a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization.
- Refine the solution with multiple iterations of SLSQP.
- Adjust parameters of the optimization routines to better explore the search space.

Now, translating this into code, modifying the previous approach to incorporate these changes.

Potential code changes:

- Add more initial guess types or variations.
- Adjust the number of iterations for differential evolution and SLSQP.
- Increase the population size for differential evolution.
- Add a step to perturb the solution and re-optimize.
- Use a different random seed to explore different regions.

But since the code must be concise and fit within the token limit, we need to be careful with the code structure.

Another possible improvement is to replace the initial guess generation with a method that creates more varied patterns. However, the current code already includes several types of functions. Maybe adding more types, like modulated pulses or other waveforms.

Alternatively, using a different waveform for initial guesses. For example, a function that is high for a fraction of the domain and low otherwise, with varying widths and positions.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on optimizing the existing code structure.

Another idea: parallelize the evaluation of multiple initial guesses, but with only one CPU, that's not possible.

Therefore, the final approach is to use the initial_guesses as in the previous code, but with more initial guesses and better parameter tuning for the optimization methods.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    n_points = len(h)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    def obj(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def cons(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0., 1.) for _ in range(n_points)]
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def gen_random():
        return np.random.rand(n_points)
    
    def gen_pulses(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = np.sin(2 * np.pi * freq * x)
        return np.clip((wave + 1) * duty / 2, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_saw(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return np.clip(1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty, 0, 1)
    
    def gen_triangle(freq, duty):
        x = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        return 1 - np.abs(2 * freq * x - 1) * duty
    
    initial_guesses = [h]
    for freq in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_pulses(freq, 0.4))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_saw(3, duty))
    for duty in [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5]:
        initial_guesses.append(gen_triangle(3, duty))
    initial_guesses.append(gen_random())
    
    def slsqp_guess(g):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, g, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else g
    
    for g in initial_guesses:
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(g)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 15:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(obj, bounds, popsize=100, maxiter=50,
                                             mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        h_opt = slsqp_guess(res.x)
        c = obj(h_opt)
        if c < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_opt, c
    
    def refine(r):
        res = optimize.minimize(obj, r, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': cons}],
                               options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-12})
        return res.x if res.success else r
    
    for _ in range(5):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 5:
            break
        best_h = refine(best_h)
        if obj(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = obj(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```