<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code tried using various initial guesses and optimization methods, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. So even a slight improvement would be good. The problem is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The main constraints are that h is a step function integrating to 1 over [0,2], and we need to minimize the maximum of the convolution of h with 1-h.

The previous approach uses a combination of different initial guess functions (periodic, binary, triangular, etc.) and then applies SLSQP and differential evolution optimization. But maybe that's too slow or not exploring the space effectively.

Hmm, maybe a better approach is to use more efficient optimization techniques. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy, or using a more targeted search. Also, the initial guess is based on the initial_h_values, which might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a better way to generate initial guesses.

Wait, the initial_h_values have 45 samples. The user might want to use a lower n_points to save time, but the previous code uses that. Maybe the current code is too slow because of the multiple optimization steps. Let's think about time constraints: the budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP with multiple steps. Maybe that's too slow.

Alternative approach: use a more efficient optimization method. Maybe coordinate descent or a randomized search. Also, the problem is convex? Or maybe not. The objective function is non-convex, so it's challenging. But perhaps we can use some structure in the problem.

Another thought: the overlap integral is the maximum correlation between h and 1-h. So, for each shift k, we compute the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx. The maximum of these over k is C5.

To minimize this, perhaps we can model this as an optimization problem where we have to find h that minimizes the maximum of these integrals. But since it's a max over k, it's challenging. However, the problem can be approximated by considering a finite set of k's (since the integral is over [0,2], the shift k would range from -2 to 2, but perhaps in practice, the shifts that matter are small).

But how to handle that in optimization? Maybe we can discretize the shifts and compute the maximum over those. However, the previous code uses the full convolution, which covers all possible shifts, but that might be computationally heavy. However, since we're using np.correlate in 'full' mode, it's already handling that.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a penalty method. For example, for each k, we can have a constraint that the overlap integral is <= target, and then minimize the target. But this is a bilevel optimization problem, which is difficult. However, perhaps we can approximate this with a single optimization problem by adding a penalty term to the objective.

Alternatively, since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can find an h that makes the integrals for all k as small as possible. This seems challenging. Maybe using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust h to minimize the worst-case overlap. But how?

Another angle: the current code uses a combination of generating different types of functions and then optimizing. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, including more types of waveforms, but that might not be efficient.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h might have a certain symmetry. For instance, maybe a periodic function with a certain period. The previous code already includes periodic functions, but maybe the parameters need to be adjusted. Or maybe the optimal h is a combination of different waveforms.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe that's a good candidate, but the optimization could be further refined. For example, using more advanced optimization techniques or better initialization.

Another thought: for the optimization, instead of using SLSQP and differential evolution, perhaps using a more efficient method like gradient descent with line search, or using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the parameter space more efficiently. But with the time constraints, maybe that's not feasible.

Another possible optimization: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions, perhaps we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we track the maximum and try to minimize it. But again, the non-convex nature complicates things.

Alternatively, maybe we can approximate the problem by focusing on a subset of shifts that are most critical. For example, since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k that are small (like in the range of 0 to 1) might contribute more. So, we could focus on optimizing for those specific shifts, which might reduce the problem's complexity.

But how to model that? Maybe by modifying the objective function to weight different shifts differently. However, this would require knowing which shifts are most important, which might not be feasible without prior knowledge.

Another idea: since the integral is the overlap between h(x) and 1-h(x+k), perhaps we can think in terms of the Fourier transform. The convolution theorem states that convolution in time domain is multiplication in frequency domain. But since we're dealing with a maximum over shifts, it's not straightforward. However, this might give some insight into the structure of the optimal h. For example, minimizing the maximum of the integrals might correspond to minimizing the energy in certain frequency components. But I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has some regular structure, like being a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. The current code uses step functions, so maybe exploring different patterns of intervals could lead to better results.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is a step function with 45 points. But perhaps using a smaller n_points could help, given that computational time is limited. For instance, if we can find a good h with n_points=50, that might be faster than the previous 45. However, the user's previous code used 45 points, so maybe the initial_h_values is the best starting point.

But perhaps the problem can be solved with a lower n_points. For example, using n_points=100 or 200, but then the computational time might increase. However, given the 100-second budget, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Another thought: the current code uses optimize.minimize with SLSQP, which might be too slow. Maybe using a different solver, like using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bounds constraints, but it's not sure. Or using a combination of local and global optimization steps.

Alternatively, using a more efficient global optimization method. For example, in the previous code, differential evolution is used, but maybe with parameters adjusted to be more efficient. For example, reducing the population size or number of iterations.

Another angle: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of several integrals. To do this, maybe we can use a parameterization that allows for more structure. For instance, maybe h is a periodic function with some parameters. For example, using a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase, adjusted to meet the integral constraint. But how to find such parameters?

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h should avoid having high values of h(x) and 1-h(x+k) overlapping. So, the function h should be arranged such that where it's high, 1-h is low over its shifts. This suggests that h should be designed to have non-overlapping regions when shifted. But how to model this?

Perhaps the optimal h is a periodic function that alternates between high and low values, with certain intervals. For example, if h is a square wave with a certain frequency, then shifting it would cause the overlap integrals to be minimized. But the exact parameters would need to be optimized.

Another idea: the previous code includes various functions like triangular, sawtooth, etc. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different parameters could help. For example, varying the frequency and duty cycle of binary functions, or adjusting the parameters of the periodic functions.

Alternatively, instead of generating a lot of initial guesses, focus on refining the initial_h_values with a more efficient optimization. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. But how to compute the gradient?

Wait, the objective function is the max of the convolution. However, the maximum of a set of values is not a smooth function, so the gradient might be difficult to compute. So, perhaps using a smooth approximation of the max function could help in gradient-based optimization.

Alternatively, use a numerical approximation of the gradient for the optimization, but that might be computationally expensive.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a branch and bound approach. However, given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Hmm. Considering all these thoughts, perhaps the previous approach is not optimal. The code could be improved by:

1. Using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good start, but exploring other starting points could help avoid local optima.

2. Using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using a genetic algorithm with better mutation and crossover strategies, or using a particle swarm optimization.

3. Reducing the number of optimization steps to save time. For instance, using a single optimization with a better setup, rather than multiple steps with different solvers.

4. Focusing on a specific structure for h, such as a periodic function with certain parameters, which might be easier to optimize.

But how to implement these ideas within the given time constraints?

Let me think of a different approach. Suppose I use a genetic algorithm. The idea is to generate a population of candidate h functions, evaluate their C5 values, and evolve them towards better solutions. The steps would involve:

- Initialize a population with various h functions (maybe including the initial_h_values and other generated functions).
- Evaluate each h by computing the max overlap integral.
- Select the best individuals to create the next generation.
- Apply mutation and crossover to generate new candidates.
- Repeat until time runs out or a good solution is found.

But implementing a genetic algorithm might be computationally intensive, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe manageable.

Alternatively, use a combination of initial guesses and then optimize them with more efficient methods. For example, start with a few good initial guesses, then apply a local optimization method like SLSQP to refine them.

Another possible improvement: since the current code uses n_points=45, perhaps reducing n_points to something like 50 might make the problem faster. Because with fewer points, the computation time for each evaluation is less.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, and the code uses that. Maybe the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, but the optimization can be refined further. For example, using a more targeted approach to improve on the initial guess.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses multiple optimization steps:

- A list of generated functions as initial guesses.
- Then, for each guess, uses SLSQP to minimize the objective.
- Then uses differential evolution to find a better guess.
- Finally, refines the best solution with SLSQP again.

This seems to be a multi-phase approach. Perhaps this approach is not optimal, but maybe we can optimize the parameters of these steps. For example, adjusting the number of iterations, the population size in differential evolution, or the method used.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, maybe the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the period of h. If we can focus on those shifts, we might be able to model the problem more effectively.

But how to determine which shifts are important? That requires knowing the structure of h, which is what we're trying to find.

Alternatively, maybe the worst-case shift k is around a particular value. For instance, the shift that corresponds to the period of h. So, if h has a certain period, then the maximum overlap may occur at k=period. If we can find that, we can focus on optimizing for that specific shift.

But this requires prior knowledge about h's structure, which isn't known in advance.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The previous code generates a variety of functions, including periodic, binary, triangular, etc. Perhaps adding more types of functions or varying the parameters could help. Also, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe other functions like cosine or sawtooth with different parameters can be used.

Another idea: using a symmetry in the problem. For example, since the integral over [0,2] is 1, maybe the optimal h is symmetric in some way. Or, if h is designed to have equal regions of high and low values, spaced in a way to minimize overlap when shifted.

Let me think about how to model this. Suppose h is a step function that is set to 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others. For example, if h is a square wave with period 2, but that would have an integral of 1. But such a function would have high overlap when shifted by 1, since h(x) is high when h(x+1) is also high. So that's not good.

Alternatively, maybe h is a function that is 1 for a certain length of time, then 0, then 1 again, etc., arranged in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if the function is a pulse of width 1, then the maximum shift would be 2, but shifting it would cause overlaps.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem: h should cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that after shifting, the overlaps are minimized. This is similar to scheduling or shifting intervals to avoid overlaps.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Alternatively, think of the integral as the sum of the product h(x) * (1-h(x+k)) over x. This can be rewritten as the expected value of h(x) * (1-h(x+k)) when x is uniformly distributed over [0,2]. So, the goal is to minimize the maximum of this over all k.

But again, how to model this in an optimization framework.

Maybe another approach: consider the problem as a game between two players. Player one chooses h, player two chooses k to maximize the integral. Player one wants to minimize the maximum integral. This is a minimax problem. But solving this requires knowing the equilibrium.

But I'm not sure how to translate this into an optimization algorithm.

Another thought: the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. So, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx over k. But maybe this perspective helps.

The integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx is the correlation of h with itself, shifted by k. So, the problem becomes: find h with ∫h dx = 1, such that the maximum of this autocorrelation is minimized. The minimum of the maximum autocorrelation.

This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap between h and its shifted versions. This is known as a constant modulus design problem, but I'm not sure of the exact literature.

In any case, the previous code is trying to minimize the maximum of this quantity. So, the problem is to find an h that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can consider a uniform distribution of h's values. For example, if h is spread out evenly over [0,2], then shifting it would result in less overlap. But since the integral of h must be 1, this would require a certain density.

Alternatively, think of h as a function that is 1 on a set of measure 1/2, and 0 on the rest. If we can arrange the set where h is 1 such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the set is minimized. This becomes a set covering problem.

For example, the set where h is 1 should be chosen such that for any shift k, the intersection of the set with the shifted set has minimal measure. This is similar to the problem of designing a set that is "independent" from its shifts.

This is related to the concept of a "sparse" set or a "non-overlapping" set. However, achieving this exactly is difficult. But perhaps designing a set with certain properties, like being a union of intervals that are spaced apart.

For instance, if we divide [0,2] into intervals of length d, and set h to 1 on certain intervals, such that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. For example, if the intervals are spaced with gaps of at least some length, then shifting by a certain amount would reduce the overlap.

But how to choose the spacing and length of intervals to minimize the maximum overlap?

This seems like a problem that could be modeled with a combinatorial optimization approach, but again, with the time constraints, it's challenging.

Alternatively, think about the optimal solution as a function that has a certain number of intervals where it is 1, arranged in a way that maximizes the spacing between them. For example, if there are m intervals of length l, then the total measure is m*l = 1, so m = 1/l. The spacing between intervals should be such that shifting by k would not cause overlap. If the intervals are spaced with gaps of at least (2 - (m*l)), then shifting by a certain amount would cause overlapping.

But this is getting too vague. Maybe it's better to focus on the code.

The previous code's approach is to generate various types of functions as initial guesses, then perform optimization. However, perhaps it's better to use a more targeted optimization approach. For example, using the initial_h_values as the starting point, then applying a local optimization with a better method.

Alternatively, use a different initial guess that's more likely to lead to a good solution. For example, generating a function that's a sine wave with a certain frequency and phase, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Another approach: the current code uses a combination of several initial guesses. Maybe the initial_h_values is the best, so focus on optimizing that. For example, using a more efficient optimization method on this initial guess, like using a gradient-based method with a better setup.

But since the objective function is non-smooth (due to the max), the gradient might be difficult. However, if we can approximate the gradient using finite differences, then it's possible.

Alternatively, use a derivative-free optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is included in scipy.

So, perhaps changing the optimization method to use Nelder-Mead could help. Or using a combination of methods.

But the previous code already uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, and the code is spending too much time on generating multiple initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of generating many initial guesses, use a single initial guess (like the initial_h_values) and apply a more efficient optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method with more iterations but better settings.

Alternatively, use a combination of local and global optimization. For example, first perform a global search with differential evolution, then refine the best result with SLSQP.

But the previous code already does a combination. However, perhaps adjusting the parameters of these methods could lead to better results.

For example, in the previous code, the differential evolution has a population size of 100 and maxiter of 40. Maybe increasing the population size or iterations could help, but the time budget is tight.

Alternatively, using a smaller population and more iterations.

But given the time constraints, it's essential to optimize the code as much as possible.

Another observation: the current code uses a lot of different initial functions, which might be time-consuming. Maybe focusing on a few high-quality initial guesses could save time. For example, generating several types of functions that are likely to be good candidates.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the main initial guess and refine it with a local optimizer. This would save time but might miss the global optimum.

But if the initial_h_values is already a good solution, then refining it could lead to a better solution.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values is part of the guesses. So, the code tries to optimize it further. Perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not being optimized sufficiently.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP with a maximum iteration of 600. Maybe reducing that number could save time but still find a good solution. Alternatively, use a parallel approach, but with only one CPU available, it's not possible.

Another possible optimization: precompute all the shifts and use them in a way that makes the problem easier. For example, in the objective function, compute the correlation and then take the maximum. However, the code already does that.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. Let me think about what the initial_h_values might be. If it's a step function with 45 points, it's possible that it's arranged in a way that's already quite good, but not perfect.

If the initial_h_values is a good starting point, then optimizing it with a smarter method could lead to a better solution.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum integral, perhaps we can use a method that focuses on adjusting h to reduce the worst-case overlap. For example, using a heuristic that iteratively finds the worst case shift and adjusts h accordingly.

But how to implement this in code?

Alternatively, use a greedy algorithm: for each step, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, and then adjust h to reduce that overlap. This could be done by adding a small amount to h(x) where the overlap is high, but ensuring the integral remains at 1.

But this is a local optimization approach and might get stuck in local optima.

In the previous code, the approach is to optimize over all possible shifts simultaneously. This is a more global approach.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as the main guess and refine it with a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a better tolerance and more iterations.

But the previous code already does this. Perhaps the problem is that the code is using too many different initial guesses, which is time-consuming. Let me think about what the code does.

The code starts with the initial_h_values, then generates several other guesses. Then, for each guess, it runs SLSQP and differential evolution. Then refines the best.

Maybe the code is spending too much time on generating guesses that are not effective. For example, many of the generated functions may not be very good, leading to slow convergence.

So, perhaps the code could be improved by:

- Using fewer initial guesses, focusing on the initial_h_values and a few other high-quality guesses.

- Using a more efficient optimization method.

- Restructuring the code to run faster within the budget.

For example, the previous code runs optimize.minimize for each guess, which is time-consuming. Maybe instead of doing this for all guesses, focus on a few key guesses and optimize them more thoroughly.

Alternatively, use a simpler initial guess and then optimize it.

Another idea: the current code uses the numpy.correlate with mode='full', which computes the full correlation. However, since h is a step function on [0,2], maybe the shifts k that matter are limited to a certain range. For example, shifts in [0, 2], but for the convolution, the shifts k that are relevant are those that overlap with the original h's domain. So, perhaps we can restrict the shifts to a smaller range and compute the max over those, which could speed up the evaluation.

Wait, the code uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts, but the overlap integrals are only relevant for shifts that fall within the domain. However, for the purposes of evaluation, it's necessary to compute all of them. But perhaps there's a way to optimize this, but I'm not sure.

Another observation: the previous code's evaluation function computes the max of the correlogram. However, the correlogram has a length of 2n - 1, but the actual shifts k that matter for the overlap integral could be within a certain range. For example, the maximum overlap could occur at certain specific shifts. But without knowing which shifts, it's hard to say.

In any case, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the initial_h_values using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using SLSQP with more iterations, or using differential evolution with better parameters.

Alternatively, use a combination of genetic algorithm and local search. For example, using a genetic algorithm to explore the space and then use SLSQP to refine the best individuals.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code.

Another thought: the previous code's differential evolution step is called twice. Maybe this is redundant. Perhaps focusing on one global optimization step and then a local refinement would be better.

In summary, the previous code may be too slow and not exploring the space effectively. To improve it, perhaps the following steps could be taken:

1. Use a smaller number of initial guesses, focusing on the initial_h_values and a few other structured functions.

2. Use more efficient optimization methods, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method.

3. Reduce the number of optimization steps to save time.

4. Adjust the parameters of the optimization solvers for better convergence.

But how to implement this in code?

For example, the code could be modified to:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main guess, and apply a more thorough optimization on it.

- Skip generating many other initial guesses.

- Use a single optimization step with a better method.

But how to do this within the code structure?

Let me think about how to adjust the previous code. Perhaps the main issue is that the previous code runs multiple optimization passes, which is time-consuming. So, perhaps the code should focus on optimizing the initial_h_values with a more efficient method.

For instance, in the previous code, the first part generates several guesses, but maybe it's better to start with the initial_h_values and apply a single optimization.

Another idea: use the Nelder-Mead method, which is more efficient for certain problems. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a gradient-based method. If the objective function is non-smooth, Nelder-Mead might be better.

So, modifying the code to use Nelder-Mead for refinement steps.

Alternatively, use a hybrid approach: first use a global optimization method to find a good initial guess, then refine it with SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, it's better to make the code as concise as possible.

Another possible improvement: since the problem requires minimizing the maximum integral, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. To make the optimization more effective, perhaps we can use a smoothing technique. For example, approximate the max with a smooth function. However, this requires changing the objective function, which might complicate things.

Alternatively, use the original objective function and rely on the optimization solver to find the minimum.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, here's what I could do:

- Focus on the initial_h_values as the main starting point, and use a more efficient optimization method like SLSQP with better parameters or Nelder-Mead.

- Reduce the number of initial guesses to save time.

- Use a single global optimization step instead of multiple.

- Use a better method to generate initial guesses.

But given the time constraints, the code needs to be adjusted to focus on the initial guess and optimize it thoroughly.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a lot of time for the differential evolution steps. Perhaps changing the differential evolution parameters to use a smaller population size and fewer iterations could save time.

In the previous code, the differential evolution is called with popsize=100 and maxiter=40. Maybe changing these to smaller values, like popsize=50 and maxiter=20, would save time while still exploring the space.

Additionally, the refinement steps with SLSQP can be adjusted to run fewer iterations.

Another idea: precompute the initial_h_values and use it as the only initial guess, then optimize with SLSQP and differential evolution.

So, modifying the code to:

- Only use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.

- Run SLSQP with a sufficient number of iterations.

- Possibly run differential evolution for a few iterations.

- Refine with SLSQP.

This would reduce the number of optimization steps, saving time.

Let me sketch the changes:

The code could start with the initial_h_values, then run SLSQP, then run differential evolution on the initial guess, then refine.

This would reduce the number of initial guesses.

Also, maybe using the initial_h_values as the first guess and avoiding generating other guesses would save time.

So, the new code would:

- Start with initial_h_values.

- Run SLSQP with maxiter=600.

- Run differential evolution with a smaller population size and iterations.

- Refine the best solution with SLSQP.

This approach focuses on the initial guess and optimizes it more thoroughly, possibly leading to better results.

Another optimization: reduce the number of refinement steps and focus on the most effective optimization steps.

In conclusion, the improved code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the main guess.

- Use SLSQP for local optimization.

- Use differential evolution for global exploration.

- Refine the best solution with SLSQP.

This would save time and potentially find a better solution.

Now, let me think about how to implement this in code. The previous code's structure would need to be modified to focus on the initial_h_values. For example, removing the generation of other guesses, and just using the initial_h_values and some variants.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, the code can use it directly.

So, the modified code would:

- Start with h = initial_h_values.

- Optimize it with SLSQP.

- Then, run differential evolution on the initial_h_values to find a better solution.

- Then refine the best solution with SLSQP again.

This would be faster and might lead to a better result.

Another thing to consider: the initial_h_values has a length of 45. The user might prefer smaller n_points for faster computation, but the problem requires using the provided initial_h_values, so the n_points is fixed.

In summary, the main changes would be to reduce the number of initial guesses and focus on optimizing the initial_h_values more thoroughly.

With this in mind, the code could be modified to:

- Use only the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Run a differential evolution on it, then refine with SLSQP.

- Optionally, run a few more steps of refinement.

This would save time and focus the optimization on the initial guess.

Now, to implement this in Python.

The code would start by using the initial_h_values, then run SLSQP, then differential evolution, then refine.

But the previous code had multiple steps. So, the code could be simplified.

Another point: the current code has a lot of steps that could be skipped. For example, the initial code has a loop over guesses, but if we just use the initial_h_values as the main guess, we can skip generating other guesses.

So, the new code would be more focused.

In terms of code, the new run function would:

- Take the initial_h_values.

- Optimize it with SLSQP, then with differential evolution, then refine.

This would save time and might find a better solution.

Thus, the improved code would use the initial_h_values as the primary guess, optimize it with more effective methods, and refine it, leading to a better C5 value.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()

    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(
            objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-9, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if res.success:
            return res.x
        return h_init

    def optimize_global(h_init):
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(
            objective, bounds, popsize=20, maxiter=40,
            mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9
        )
        if res.success:
            return res.x
        return h_init

    if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points

    best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)

    if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
        return best_h, best_c5, n_points

    best_h = optimize_global(best_h)
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)

    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)

    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```