<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is even lower. Let me think about how to approach this.

The previous code used a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods like SLSQP and differential evolution. It starts with a given initial_h_values and then tries to refine it. But maybe there are better ways to explore the solution space.

First, I should consider the problem structure. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. This is a minimax problem. The function h(x) must have integral 1 over [0,2], and we need to find a step function that minimizes the worst-case overlap.

The previous code uses a lot of different waveform generators as initial guesses, which might be helpful but could also lead to local optima. Maybe I can use a more systematic approach, like adaptive sampling or Bayesian optimization. However, given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use more efficient optimization techniques or better initial guesses.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Differential evolution is a global optimization method, but maybe it's too slow for the given budget. Also, the previous code has multiple loops, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe I can reduce the number of iterations or focus on more promising areas.

Another idea: the overlap integral is related to the convolution of h with 1-h. So, perhaps there's a connection to Fourier analysis. The maximum overlap could be related to the maximum value of the convolution, which in Fourier domain might involve the product of the Fourier transforms. But I'm not sure how to exploit this for optimization directly.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum convolution, maybe we can model this as a constrained optimization problem where we try to equalize the values of the convolution across different shifts. But that's quite abstract.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The previous code starts from a given initial construction. Maybe there's a way to generate better initial guesses. For example, using a more regular pattern or a combination of different waveforms.

Another approach is to use gradient-based methods with better initial points. However, the problem is non-convex, so gradient methods can get stuck in local minima. But combining them with some global search might help.

The current code uses a lot of checks and iterations. Perhaps I can optimize the evaluation of the objective function. For example, precomputing the necessary values or using faster correlation methods. Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might be time-consuming. Maybe there's a faster way to compute the maximum of the convolution.

Alternatively, for a given h, the maximum convolution value is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. Since the integral is over x, and the function is periodic? Wait, the domain is [0,2], and when you shift by k, the overlap could wrap around. But the problem statement says that the integral is over h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. However, x + k could be outside [0,2], so perhaps the integrand is zero when x + k is outside the interval. Wait, no—the original problem says the integral is over x in [0,2]. So when shifting by k, the function h(x + k) is only defined for x + k in [0,2], i.e., when x is in [−k, 2−k]. But since x ranges from 0 to 2, the overlap region where both x and x +k are in [0,2] is [max(0, -k), min(2, 2−k)].

Wait, this is getting complicated. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for a 1D array gives the full cross-correlation. However, when the function is defined on [0,2], the shifts might not be properly handled. But the code uses the full convolution, which might not correctly model the actual integral. Wait, perhaps the code's approach is correct. Let me think: the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the same as the convolution of h and (1-h) evaluated at k, but adjusted for the length. However, the exact calculation might depend on the way the shifts are handled. Maybe the code uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts and then scales with dx. But this is getting into the details of the implementation.

Assuming that the code's current approach is correct, perhaps the main issue is to find a better h that minimizes the maximum integral. To do this, maybe I should try different initial guesses that are more likely to lead to a better solution. For example, instead of using waveforms generated by sine, triangular, etc., maybe using a more regular pattern, like a regular sampling of points with different values.

Another idea: since the integral over h is 1, the function h is like a density function. Maybe optimizing for a function that has more regularity or symmetry could help. For example, a function that repeats certain patterns, leading to lower overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such functions algorithmically? Maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and assigning h(x) values in a way that balances the integrals over different shifts.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm, where each individual is a vector h of values, and we evolve better solutions by crossing and mutating. But given the time constraints, this might be too slow.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution and SLSQP. Maybe I can switch to using a more efficient optimizer. For example, using the COBYLA method which handles bounds and constraints. Or, perhaps using Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model to sample more promising regions. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be too complex within the time.

Another thought: the previous code has a lot of initial guesses. Maybe simplifying that and focusing on fewer, more effective initial guesses. For example, using a combination of random initial points and a few designed patterns.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to generate initial guesses. For instance, using a Fourier-based approach to generate functions with certain properties, like low energy in certain frequency components. But I'm not sure.

Wait, the problem is to find a function h that minimizes the maximum overlap. This is similar to a covering problem, where shifting h leads to overlapping with 1-h as much as possible. So perhaps the optimal h is one that is uniform in some way but avoids overlap when shifted. But since the integral is fixed, it's a balance between spreading out the function's values and having them overlap too much when shifted.

Another angle: since the overlap integral is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, which can be rewritten as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x +k) dx. The first term is the integral of h(x) over x, which is 1, and the second term is the integral of the product. So the overlap integral is 1 - integral h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. But I'm not sure if this helps directly.

Alternatively, since the maximum value of the overlap integral is what we want to minimize, we can try to design h such that it's as non-overlapping as possible with its shifts. So for all possible shifts k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model this? Perhaps by ensuring that h is spread out in a way that when shifted, it doesn't align with itself too much. For example, using a function that is a combination of pulses or steps with certain spacing.

Let me consider the previous code's approach. It starts with an initial guess and then uses optimization. However, maybe the initial guess is not the best. For example, the initial_h_values may not be the optimal starting point. Perhaps generating a better initial guess would help.

The previous code uses several waveform generators like periodic, binary, triangular, etc. But maybe there's a better way. For example, using a step function with a specific pattern, like alternating between high and low values. However, with the integral constraint, the number of high and low segments would need to be adjusted.

Another idea is to use a function with symmetry. For instance, a function that is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which could help balance the overlap when shifted by certain amounts.

Alternatively, using a function that is a union of intervals where h is 1 or 0, but with the total length of the intervals equal to 1 (since the integral is 1 over [0,2], each unit of length corresponds to an area of 1). Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, so if h is 1 on a set of measure 1/2 and 0 elsewhere, that would work. But that would be a binary function. However, the problem allows for any step function, not necessarily binary. But perhaps using binary functions is a good starting point, since they are simpler.

Wait, but the problem requires h to be a step function, so it can have any number of steps. However, in the previous code, the samples are used as h's values. So the binary case is possible if h is 0 or 1 in each interval. But with the current code, the samples are points in a grid, and the function h is piecewise constant.

But maybe using a binary function with certain intervals would lead to better results. For example, placing 1s in non-overlapping intervals when shifted. However, the challenge is to arrange them such that when shifted, their overlap is minimized.

But how to generate such a binary pattern? Perhaps using a construction similar to a de Bruijn sequence or a cyclic pattern that repeats with a certain period. For example, a pattern that is periodic and has a certain spacing between 1s.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: place the 1s in intervals such that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. But how to implement this numerically.

Alternatively, for a given number of intervals (n_points), find a binary pattern of 1s and 0s (with total length of 1/2) that minimizes the maximum overlap when shifted. However, this is a combinatorial problem and may not be tractable for large n_points. But with n_points being around 45 (as per initial_h_values), maybe some heuristic could work.

But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing code's approach. Let's think about possible optimizations:

1. Reduce the number of initial guesses to avoid redundant computation.
2. Use more efficient optimization methods. For example, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP for the constrained optimization, as it might be faster.
3. Use a better initial guess. Instead of generating many waveform guesses, use a more promising initial guess that's based on the current best known solution.
4. Introduce more exploration in the optimization loops, perhaps by using adaptive sampling or perturbing the current best solution.
5. Precompute certain values to speed up the evaluation of the objective function.
6. Use parallel processing, but since the user has only 1 CPU, this isn't feasible.

Another idea: since the problem is about convexity, perhaps checking if the problem can be transformed into a convex optimization problem. However, the objective is non-convex, so this might not be possible.

Alternatively, using a randomized search approach for the optimization. Generate many random candidates that satisfy the integral constraint and evaluate their overlap. This could be faster than differential evolution, especially if the evaluation is optimized.

But how to generate random candidates that satisfy the integral constraint? For example, sampling h_vals such that their sum is n_points/2. One way is to generate a random vector, adjust it to satisfy the constraint by scaling, or using a method like rejection sampling. However, rejection sampling may be slow.

Alternatively, using a direct method: take a random vector, and then adjust it via a convex combination to meet the sum constraint. For example, if the sum is less than needed, add a certain value to some elements to balance it. However, this may not be straightforward.

But given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing code but make some improvements. For example, in the previous code, after generating initial guesses, it runs SLSQP on them. Maybe using a more efficient initial guess would lead to better results.

Another angle: the previous code uses a lot of evaluate steps, but maybe the evaluation of the objective function can be optimized. For example, using efficient correlation methods or vectorizing the computation. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which may not be the fastest, but for small n_points it's manageable.

Wait, the code uses the full convolution. For a given h, the convolution with (1 - h) gives the overlap for all possible shifts. The maximum of this convolution, multiplied by dx, is the C5 value. However, the integral is over [0,2], and the convolution's full mode gives the maximum possible shifts. But perhaps there's a way to compute the maximum more efficiently, like by limiting the shifts to those that result in overlapping regions.

But I'm not sure. For now, let's assume the current approach is correct.

Another idea: since the problem is about the maximum overlap, maybe we can model it as a saddle-point problem and use gradient methods with some form of fairness in the optimization. However, this is abstract and might not lead directly to code.

Alternatively, the previous code uses multiple optimization steps, but maybe the most effective is to use a combination of SLSQP with a good initial guess and some perturbation.

Considering all this, perhaps the key improvements are:

- Use a more effective initial guess, perhaps based on a known optimal configuration or a better pattern.
- Limit the number of initial guesses to avoid spending too much time on them.
- Focus on a single, more effective optimization method, possibly with better hyperparameters.
- Use more efficient evaluation of the objective function.
- Add some randomness to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Let me think about how to implement this. For example, instead of generating many waveform guesses, use a few well-chosen ones. For instance, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but if we can generate a better initial guess, that would help.

Another approach is to use a construction based on a "greedy" algorithm. For example, start with a function that has a certain pattern, and iteratively adjust it to reduce the maximum overlap. However, implementing this in code would require a way to adjust the function's values in a way that improves the overlap.

Given the time budget, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing code's approach by:

1. Using the initial_h_values as the primary starting point and trying to optimize it further.
2. Using more efficient optimization methods and reducing the number of iterations.
3. Adding some simulated annealing or perturbation steps to avoid local minima.

Let me try to modify the previous code accordingly. For example, instead of using many initial guesses, focus on a few, and use SLSQP with a higher number of iterations. Also, replace the differential evolution with a more efficient method.

Wait, in the previous code, the optimizing process involves several steps: generating initial guesses, running SLSQP, then differential evolution, then refining with SLSQP again. To improve this, perhaps focus more on the SLSQP optimization of the initial guess and reduce the number of steps.

Also, the previous code has a lot of nested loops. Maybe simplifying the code structure to avoid unnecessary iterations.

Another thought: the objective function can be expensive to compute, so perhaps caching the results or using faster methods would help. However, with small n_points, this may not be an issue.

In terms of code structure, the current code uses a lot of helper functions for generating different waveforms. Perhaps it's better to generate a smaller set of initial guesses, like just a few different patterns, and focus on optimizing them.

Alternatively, consider using a different initial guess that's more likely to lead to a lower C5. For example, a function that is 1 in intervals that are spaced out to avoid overlaps when shifted.

Another idea: since the integral is 1, which is half of the interval [0,2], the function h is like a single pulse of width 1. However, when shifted, the overlap depends on how the pulse interacts with itself. If the pulse is spread out over the interval, shifting it would lead to lower overlap. But how to design this.

But since the function is allowed to be a step function with multiple steps, maybe having multiple overlapping regions that are spread out in a certain way. For example, a function that has multiple 1s and 0s arranged in a way that when shifted, they don't align with each other.

But again, how to generate this algorithmically. Maybe using a Fourier-based approach where the function has low energy in certain frequencies, ensuring that when shifted, the convolution is minimized.

Alternatively, using a function with a certain number of steps that are evenly spaced, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values are given, but they may not be the best. If we can generate a better initial guess, that would help. For example, a function that is 1 in specific intervals that are spaced to minimize the overlap.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say. So, perhaps the best way is to use the initial_h_values and optimize it further with SLSQP and some other methods.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a lot of iterations, which is time-consuming. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of trials could find a better solution.

Additionally, using a more efficient initial guess might lead to a better result. For example, generating a function that is a binary function, like a pulse train with certain spacing.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to focus more on optimizing the initial guess and using more efficient methods.

So, let me outline a possible code plan:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the primary initial guess.
2. Use a combination of SLSQP with a high number of iterations to refine this guess.
3. Add a few random perturbations to the initial guess to explore nearby areas.
4. Use a more efficient optimization method, perhaps COBYLA or another constrained method.
5. Limit the number of initial guesses to avoid spending too much time.

Alternatively, generating a few different initial guesses, like a binary pattern and a sine wave, and optimizing each, then selecting the best.

Also, considering that the problem has to run within 100 seconds, perhaps focusing on a single optimization routine with a good initial guess and higher iterations.

In code terms, this might involve:

- Removing the generation of multiple initial guesses and focusing on one.
- Using a more efficient optimization method.
- Adding a perturbation step after the initial optimization.

Another idea is to use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing, but given the time, it's risky.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Run SLSQP with a higher number of iterations to refine it.
- Generate a few random variations of the initial guess, apply SLSQP to them.
- Use differential evolution for a limited number of iterations to explore more.
- Keep track of the best solution found.

But to fit within the code structure, perhaps simplifying the code by removing the redundant initial guesses and focusing on optimizing the initial construction.

Let me try to draft the code accordingly. The previous code has many helper functions for generating initial guesses. Let's remove those, and focus on the initial_h_values and a few other patterns.

The code would start with the initial_h_values and then perform optimization steps, possibly with additional perturbations.

Another idea: the current code uses a lot of different generators, but perhaps generating a binary pattern could be better. For example, placing 1s in the initial_h_values where possible without overlapping and then optimizing.

But without knowing the exact structure, perhaps it's better to generate some binary patterns and see.

Alternatively, since the initial_h_values is a starting point, perhaps the code can optimize it further with a more efficient optimization method.

Putting all this together, the code can be structured as follows:

- Input the initial_h_values.
- Define the objective function.
- Define the constraint.
- Use a combination of SLSQP and differential evolution to optimize the initial guess.
- Refine the solution with SLSQP further.
- Return the best found solution.

But to reduce the computational time, the number of iterations and the number of initial guesses are reduced.

So, the final code would involve less initial guesses, more efficient optimization steps, and focusing on refining the initial guess.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def refine_with_slsqp(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    def perturb(h):
        h_perturb = h.copy()
        idx = np.random.choice(n_points, size=min(5, n_points), replace=False)
        h_perturb[idx] = np.clip(h_perturb[idx] + np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1), 0, 1)
        return h_perturb
    
    for _ in range(3):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_slsqp(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
        best_h = perturb(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```