<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower. The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP with L-BFGS-B for local refinement. But maybe there's a better way.

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that integrates to 1, and minimizes the maximum overlap integral over shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, which is the same as the correlation of h and 1-h. The goal is to minimize the maximum of these correlations.

The previous approach used a starting point from initial_h_values (with n=45), then tried differential evolution and local optimization. But perhaps using a different optimization strategy could yield better results. Also, maybe the initial guess isn't the best starting point. The problem says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly, but perhaps generating different starting points could help avoid local optima.

Let me think about the constraints. The function h must be a step function with values in [0,1], and the integral over [0,2] must be 1. So, for n points, each value is a step, and the sum of h_values multiplied by dx (2/n) equals 1. So sum(h_values) = n/2.

The objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h. Since cross-correlation is involved, maybe the problem has some symmetry. For example, the optimal h might have certain periodicity or structure that reduces overlaps.

The previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but it can be slow. Maybe switching to a different global optimization technique, like genetic algorithms, or using a more efficient local search. Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach could help escape local minima.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum of several functions. So perhaps it's a convex optimization problem? Wait, no. The maximum of convex functions is convex, but the objective here is to minimize that maximum. However, the integral is linear in h, but the max over k complicates things. So it's a non-convex optimization problem.

Alternatively, maybe we can relax the problem by considering that for each k, the integral over x of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx is the same as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is the integral of h(x), but the second term is the integral of h(x)h(x+k). Wait, no: the correlation is np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for each shift k, computes the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. So the maximum of this over all k.

But since the integral over x of h(x) is 1, the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx is equal to the integral over x of h(x) dx - integral over x of h(x)h(x + k) dx. But since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1, so the integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, maximizing that integral (to find the maximum overlap) is equivalent to minimizing the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Wait, but the original C₅ is defined as the maximum of ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, which is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, maximizing that would be equivalent to minimizing ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx for each k.

But since we need the maximum over all k, we need to minimize the maximum over k of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. So perhaps this is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and itself at different shifts. This is similar to the concept of a "low-correlation" sequence, but in the context of functions over an interval.

So the problem is to find a function h with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation with itself over all shifts. This seems related to the concept of a "flat" function that doesn't have high correlation with its shifted versions.

So perhaps the optimal h is as "spread out" as possible, avoiding overlaps. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, then the cross-correlation might be higher. But the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, which suggests that the function is more complex, perhaps with multiple steps.

The previous code used a combination of differential evolution and local optimization. However, differential evolution might be too slow for the given budget. Maybe using a more efficient global optimization method, such as a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach, or using a Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model. But since the code has to run within 100 seconds, perhaps a more straightforward approach is better.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps we can use a heuristic that enforces certain properties of h. For instance, distribute the 1's in h as evenly as possible to avoid peaks. For example, if the function h is designed to have equal values spread out, maybe the overlaps are minimized.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves correlation, which is related to the Fourier transform. Maybe designing h such that its Fourier coefficients are small, which would reduce correlations. But I'm not sure how to directly apply this to the problem.

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h is related to the indicator function of a set that is "almost" a union of intervals, but arranged in such a way that shifting it doesn't create overlaps. For example, a function that is 1 on multiple small intervals spaced apart so that when shifted, they don't overlap much.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Perhaps by designing h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, then optimizing the positions and lengths of these intervals.

Another approach is to consider that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts, so perhaps focusing the optimization on those shifts. For example, if we can find the k that would give the highest overlap, and then optimize h to minimize that particular overlap. However, since the maximum over all k is considered, this is a bit of a chicken-and-egg problem.

The current code uses an initial guess and then tries to refine it. But maybe starting with a better initial guess could help. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. However, the user says to use it directly if available, so we can't change that.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided by the parent construction. So if the initial guess is not good, the code might get stuck. Maybe trying multiple different initial guesses and selecting the best one would help. However, generating multiple different starting points might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different optimization strategy. For example, using a gradient-based method with line search, but since the problem is non-convex, gradients might not be reliable. However, using a method like L-BFGS-B could be effective if the starting point is good.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several objectives (the cross-correlations for each k), we can consider using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to balance these objectives. However, this might complicate the implementation.

Alternatively, since the maximum is involved, we can use a formulation that converts this into a constrained optimization problem. For example, we can try to minimize a variable 'C' such that for all shifts k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx ≤ C. But solving this with constraints for all k is impractical because there are infinitely many k. However, since we are working with discretized h, the shifts k would correspond to integer shifts in the discretized domain. For example, if we have n_points samples, then the possible k-values would be from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1. But even then, the number of k's could be large, making it difficult to include all in the constraints. However, for a fixed n_points, we can compute all possible shifts and incorporate them as constraints in the optimization problem.

But this would require a lot of constraints, which might be computationally expensive. However, since we're using an optimization library like scipy.optimize.minimize, which can handle constraints, perhaps adding constraints for the maximum of the cross-correlations (i.e., that each cross-correlation is less than or equal to C) could lead to a better solution. But how to implement this?

Wait, let me think again. The problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of the cross-correlations. So if we can model this as minimizing C, subject to the constraint that for all k, the corresponding cross-correlation is ≤ C. This is a convex-concave problem, but since the constraints are convex (for each k, the cross-correlation is a function of h, which is linear?), Wait, the cross-correlation for a given shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For fixed k, this is a convex function in h? Not sure. Maybe not, but if we can model this, then using a convex optimization solver could be possible. However, for n_points=45, the number of constraints would be up to, say, 44 (for different shifts), making it a large problem.

But scipy's optimization solvers might not be efficient enough for that. So perhaps this approach is not feasible.

Another thought: the previous code used differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then refined it with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. Maybe we can improve this by adjusting the parameters of these methods. For example, increasing the population size in differential evolution, or using a different mutation strategy. Alternatively, combining multiple optimization strategies.

Alternatively, perhaps the key is to reduce the number of points. The initial code uses n=45. Maybe using fewer points, like 20 or 30, would allow for more efficient optimization and better exploration. However, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So perhaps using a lower n_points would help. For example, if n_points is 45, the code might not be able to run for long enough, but if we reduce it, we can have more time per iteration.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45, but the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial_h_values might already have 45 points, and perhaps that's the starting point. If we can find a better initial guess with a smaller n, maybe that's better. But the problem states that the initial_h_values is available, so we can't change that. However, the user says to use it directly and not to modify it.

Alternatively, perhaps generating a different starting point with the same n_points but different structure could help. For example, if the initial h has some bad structure, maybe generating a different initial guess, like placing the 1s more evenly, could be better.

Another idea: using the current n_points (45) and trying to find a better starting point. For instance, perhaps the initial_h_values is not optimal, and we can generate a different initial guess. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values directly, so we can't generate a different one. Unless the initial_h_values is not provided, but in the problem statement, it's mentioned that initial_h_values is available when a parent construction exists. So in our case, it's available.

So perhaps the previous approach could be modified by combining more efficient optimization techniques. For example, using a combination of differential evolution for global search and then more robust local optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method entirely. For instance, a genetic algorithm (GA) might be more effective for global optimization. But scipy does not include a genetic algorithm solver, so we would need to implement it ourselves, which might be time-consuming and not efficient.

Another approach is to use a surrogate model, like Bayesian optimization, which iteratively builds a model of theobjective function and selects points to evaluate. However, implementing this from scratch might be challenging within the time constraints.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts. For example, if we can find the shifts k that contribute the most to the overlap, and focus the optimization on minimizing those. However, this again requires knowing which shifts are critical, which is the same problem as the original.

Let me think back to the previous code. The current approach uses differential evolution, which is a global method, followed by SLSQP and BFGS for local refinement. But perhaps differential evolution is too time-consuming. Maybe replacing it with a different method, such as a modified version of the evolutionary algorithm that is more efficient, or using a different local optimization method.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a scheduling or resource allocation problem. For example, each point in h can be thought of as a resource that contributes to certain overlaps. Maybe using a heuristic that spreads out the 1s in h, such as a greedy algorithm that places each step in the position that minimizes the current maximum overlap. However, this might be too simplistic and not lead to the optimal solution.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach. This method explores the solution space by randomly perturbing the current solution and accepting worse solutions with a probability that decreases over time. This can help avoid local optima but may be slow.

But implementing simulated annealing would require a lot of code and might not fit within the 100-second budget.

Another idea: using a more efficient gradient-based method. Since the objective function is the maximum of several cross-correlations, but the gradient with respect to h is not straightforward. However, if we can approximate the gradient or use a numerical gradient, perhaps a method like L-BFGS-B could be applied.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method. It requires gradients. But the objective function is the maximum of several functions, so the gradient is the gradient of the maximum function. However, computing the gradient for the maximum could be tricky, as it depends on which of the functions is the maximum at the current point.

But perhaps using a numerical approximation of the gradient could work. For example, in the previous code, the objective is computed as the maximum of the correlation values. If we can compute the derivative of this maximum with respect to h's variables, then we can use gradient-based methods. However, this is non-trivial.

Alternatively, using a global optimization method that doesn't rely on gradients, such as differential evolution. But the previous code already uses that. Maybe adjusting the parameters of differential evolution could help. For instance, increasing the population size or mutation rate.

Another consideration is the time budget. The previous code runs differential evolution for 250 iterations, then SLSQP, and then L-BFGS-B. But if the code is using too much time on the differential evolution stage, it might not have enough time for refinement. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations for differential evolution and focusing more on local optimization could help.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. Suppose the initial guess is not the best, but perhaps we can generate a better one. However, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available and should be used directly.

So, perhaps the issue is that the previous approach is not sufficient. Let me think about what could be changed in the code.

In the previous code, after differential evolution (DE), the code tries to refine the solution with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. Maybe that's not enough. Perhaps adding more iterations of local optimization, or changing the method used for refinement.

Another idea: use multiple starting points for the optimization. For example, run differential evolution with different parameters or different initial guesses, and select the best solution. But this would require more computational resources.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in finding the optimal solution by learning the objective function's shape. However, implementing Bayesian optimization in Python would require a library like scikit-optimize, which is not mentioned in the allowed libraries. The allowed libraries are scipy, numpy, and others like cvxpy (with certain solvers). But the previous code doesn't use cvxpy.

Wait, the problem states that the user can use scipy, numpy, and cvxpy with solvers like CBC, CVXOPT, etc. But the previous code uses scipy.optimize.

Perhaps using a different solver, like SLSQP, which is more efficient than DE.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps the optimal solution is such that all cross-correlations are equal. This is the scenario where the maximum is minimized. However, this might not be possible, but if we can enforce that, maybe that leads to a better solution.

For example, we can try to set up an optimization problem where for each k, the cross-correlation is approximately equal, and then minimize that common value. But how to model this. This would be a constrained optimization problem where all cross-correlations are equal to a certain C, and we want to minimize C.

But with n_points=45, there are a lot of k values, so this would require a lot of constraints. However, perhaps focusing on the most critical shifts, or using some symmetry to reduce the number of constraints.

Alternatively, maybe using a convex optimization approach by approximating the maximum correlation as a single variable. But this is unclear.

Another thought: the overlap integral for shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, to minimize the maximum of this expression, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. But since this is a maximin problem, perhaps it's easier to model as an optimization problem where we maximize the minimum of the cross-correlations.

But again, this is a non-convex problem.

Perhaps the key is to find a better balance between global search and local optimization. The previous code uses DE for global search, then uses SLSQP and L-BFGS-B for local refinement. Maybe adjusting the parameters for DE, such as reducing the population size or the number of iterations, and putting more time into the local optimization steps.

Another possible improvement is to use a more aggressive local optimization. For example, after DE, using multiple iterations of SLSQP with tighter tolerances. Also, using a better initial guess for the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial stages. For example, using a genetic algorithm to find a good starting point. But without access to GA libraries, this might be challenging.

Let me consider modifying the previous code. For instance, reducing the number of iterations for DE to free up time for more local refinement. Or using a different local method.

Another idea: for the initial guess, maybe the initial_h_values are not optimal. But since the user says to use it directly, we can't change that. However, perhaps generating a different initial guess with the same n_points but different structure. But the problem says to use the initial_h_values directly and not to copy its entries into the response. So that's not allowed.

Alternatively, using a different starting point by modifying the initial guess. But again, I can't do that.

Hmm. So perhaps the main thing to improve is the optimization process. Let me think about how the code can be modified.

In the previous code, after differential evolution, the code runs SLSQP and then L-BFGS-B. Maybe combining these steps more effectively. For example, using a hybrid of SLSQP and L-BFGS-B, or adjusting the parameters of these solvers.

Also, checking if the objective function is correctly calculated. The code uses np.correlate with mode="full", which returns an array of length 2n_points - 1. The maximum of this array is multiplied by dx. Let me confirm this: for a function h of length n, the full correlation with 1-h would be of length 2n -1. Each value corresponds to a shift k from -(n-1) to +(n-1). The maximum of these values, multiplied by dx, gives the maximum overlap integral. Yes.

But maybe there's a mistake in how the shifts are considered. For example, when the code uses np.correlate, the first element of the result corresponds to the shift of - (n-1), and the last to + (n-1). But the maximum might occur at various shifting. One way to ensure that the code is correctly computing this max is to make sure that the shifts are properly considered.

Another possible improvement is to preprocess the initial_h_values to adjust it. For example, ensuring that the initial guess is as spread out as possible, but since we can't modify it, this is not helpful.

Another idea: using a different constraint handling. For instance, the previous code uses the equality constraint sum(h_values) == n_points / 2. This is correct. However, perhaps adding bounds or other constraints that help in the optimization.

But I think the main issue is the optimization strategy. Let me think about trying a different local optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for local refinement. Or perhaps using conjugate gradient.

Alternatively, considering that the objective function is smooth in some regions, and using a trust-region method.

But given the time constraints and the available libraries, perhaps the best approach is to optimize the existing code by tuning parameters. For example, increasing the maxiter for SLSQP and L-BFGS-B, or reducing the number of DE iterations to allow more time for local refinement.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive gradient-based method. Also, perhaps the previous code is using the SLSQP method with options that could be adjusted. For example, using a smaller ftol or eps to get a more precise solution.

Another possible modification is to use a more efficient global optimization method. However, without access to alternative solvers, DE might be the best option.

Another thing to consider is the choice of the initial guess. The initial_h_values might have a certain structure that's not optimal. But since we are required to use it, we can't change that.

So, perhaps the key is to improve the local optimization steps. For instance, instead of running L-BFGS-B once, running it multiple times with different starting points or varying the parameters.

Alternatively, using a parallel approach, but the code is limited to 1 CPU.

So, modifying the code to have more refinement steps, and better parameters for the local optimization.

Other possible improvements: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps the optimal h has a certain symmetry. For example, being symmetric around the center of the interval [0, 2], which might help in balancing the cross-correlations.

In the previous code, the initial guess may not be symmetric. So perhaps enforcing symmetry could help. For example, if the function is symmetric, then some shifts would automatically have lower overlap. This could be a constraint added to the optimization problem.

But adding symmetry constraints would require modifying the bounds or the optimization problem, which might complicate the code. However, if it's done correctly, it could lead to better results.

For example, if the function is symmetric around x=1, then h(1 - x) = h(1 + x). This could be enforced by having the initial guess be symmetric, and during optimization, keeping the symmetry by mirroring the values. This would reduce the degrees of freedom by half.

But how to implement this in the code? For each point i in the array, the value at position i would be mirrored to the position 2n - 1 - i. So for an array of n_points, the symmetry constraint would apply to the first half of the array, and the second half would be determined by the first.

This could be implemented by adjusting the bounds and the optimization process. For example, in the code, when generating the initial guess, making sure it's symmetric, and then during optimization, only allowing changes to the first half of the array, and mirroring the rest.

This could reduce the problem size and potentially lead to better results.

Let me think about how to implement this. Suppose the array has length n_points. For i in 0 to n_points//2 - 1, the value at position i is mirrored to position n_points - 1 - i. If n_points is even, then the middle points (n_points/2 -1 and n_points/2) can be handled by symmetry. However, the exact implementation depends on the parity of n_points.

This could be a valuable constraint that reduces the search space. So, the code could enforce that the function is symmetric around x=1. This would cut the number of variables in half, possibly leading to faster optimization and better solutions.

However, the initial_h_values may not be symmetric. So if we enforce symmetry, we need to adjust the initial guess to be symmetric. But since the user says to use the initial_h_values directly, we can't modify that. Unless the initial_h_values is already symmetric. But we don't know that.

So maybe this is not applicable. But if the code processes the initial guess to make it symmetric, that could be helpful. However, the problem states that initial_h_values is to be used directly, so we can't modify it. But if we can generate a symmetric version of the initial guess, maybe that's allowed?

Wait, the initial_h_values is the input provided by the parent construction, and the code is to use it directly. So the code cannot modify the initial_h_values. Therefore, enforcing symmetry is only possible if the initial guess is already symmetric. Otherwise, it would create a new solution that may not be optimal.

Therefore, this may not be feasible unless we have the initial guess symmetric.

In the absence of that, perhaps the previous approach is the best.

Another thought: perhaps the current code's DE phase is too slow. Let's think about the parameters. The differential evolution in the previous code has a popsize of 60, maxiter of 250. That might be a lot of iterations for the given budget of 100s. Maybe reducing the maxiter, and using more efficient settings.

Alternatively, using a more efficient variant of DE, such as the jDE algorithm, which has adaptive parameters. But implementing that would require more code.

Alternatively, using a smaller population size and more iterations. But without knowing the exact time taken by each DE iteration, it's hard to estimate.

Another possible improvement is to use a different objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps using a weighted sum of the correlations, where the weights are determined by their contribution to the maximum. But this is more of a heuristic.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For example, precomputing all shifts and using vectorized operations. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is already vectorized and efficient.

Another thing to check: the current code computes the max of the correlations, but perhaps the maximum occurs at only a few shifts. Therefore, focusing the optimization on those shifts could lead to better results. For example, during the DE phase, selecting those specific shifts for the objective function. But this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the maximum. For example, if we can determine which shifts are likely to contribute to the maximum, we can focus on those. However, without knowing the optimal h in advance, this is difficult.

After considering these possibilities, the most straightforward way to improve the code is to tweak the optimization parameters and strategies. For example, increasing the maxiter for local optimization, using different solvers, or adding more refinement steps.

So, modifying the previous code by:

1. Reducing the number of iterations for DE to save time for local optimization.
2. Increasing the number of iterations for the local optimization steps (SLSQP and L-BFGS-B).
3. Adjusting the tolerances and options for the solvers to get finer results.
4. Possibly adding more refinement steps.

Let me attempt to adjust the code accordingly. For instance, in the DE phase, reduce maxiter to 100, and then perform more iterations of SLSQP and L-BFGS-B.

Another thing: in the previous code, after DE and SLSQP, it runs L-BFGS-B. Perhaps adding more iterations of L-BFGS-B could help, or running it multiple times with different starting points.

Also, the initial guess from DE might not be the best, so maybe running DE multiple times with different initializations and selecting the best result.

But in the current code, DE is run once, and then SLSQP is run from that result. Perhaps running DE multiple times with different seeds could help, but the code uses a fixed seed for the initial guess.

However, the seed is set for the initial guess, not for the DE. The DE itself doesn't use a seed, so the initial guess could be different. Wait, in the previous code, the initial_guess is set to initial_h_values.copy(), and then the DE is run from there. So if the initial guess is fixed, the DE might be stuck in a local optimum.

Alternatively, to improve the initial guess, the code could run the DE multiple times with different initial guesses. But how to generate different initial guesses? For example, using a random perturbation of the initial_h_values.

But this would require more computational resources, which might not be feasible within the budget.

In summary, the main changes I can think of are:

- Tune the DE parameters to reduce its runtime.
- Increase the number of local optimization iterations.
- Use tighter tolerances in the local optimization steps.
- Possibly add more refinement steps with different methods.

So modifying the previous code accordingly. Let's outline the changes.

First, in the optimize_guess function, the code uses SLSQP with maxiter=300. Perhaps increasing this to 500.

In the global search, the differential evolution uses maxiter=250. Reducing this to 150, to save time for local optimization.

Also, the code runs L-BFGS-B in a loop, with maxiter=50. Perhaps increasing this to 100.

Additionally, adjusting the ftol and eps parameters to be smaller.

Another thing: in the initial code, the DE is run before the SLSQP. Maybe swapping the order of refinement steps. For example, first running SLSQP with the initial guess, then DE, then more SLSQP.

But I think the current approach is reasonable.

Another possible optimization is to use the Nelder-Mead method for local optimization, which is derivative-free. However, it might be slower for large problems.

In conclusion, the main changes would be:

- Reduce the DE maxiter to save time.
- Increase the local optimization iterations and tighten the tolerances.
- Possibly add more refinement steps with different methods.

Let me code these changes. Now, I'll write the new code, incorporating these ideas.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess, maxiter=300, ftol=1e-8):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': ftol, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        return result.x if result.success else None
    
    # Global search with DE with tighter parameters
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=40,
            maxiter=150,
            mutation=(0.5, 0.85),
            recombination=0.75,
            tol=1e-9,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 400, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    # More aggressive refinement with L-BFGS-B
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 30:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```