<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My previous code used a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP for optimization, but maybe there's a better approach. Let me think about how to improve this.

First, the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, the goal is to find a step function h that minimizes this maximum value, given that the integral of h over [0, 2] is 1.

The user's previous code starts with an initial guess (initial_h_values) and uses differential evolution (DE) to explore the search space, then refines with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. But maybe this approach isn't efficient enough. Let me consider alternatives.

One idea is to use a different optimization strategy. Since the problem is non-convex and has many local minima, maybe a global search method like DE is necessary, but perhaps adjusting the parameters of DE could help. Also, maybe using a different initial guess could lead to better results.

Another thought: the current code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, but maybe there's a better way to generate the initial guess. For example, using a more structured pattern that could lead to a lower C5. Maybe splitting the interval [0, 2] into segments and assigning values to h in a way that balances the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps there's a way to model this as an optimization problem where we can use more advanced solvers. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, but that might be computationally expensive. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe there are ways to optimize the code to run faster.

Wait, the previous code uses a lot of calls to minimize and differential evolution. Maybe combining the optimization steps more efficiently. For instance, perhaps using a more efficient local search after the global search.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], and the function h is a step function with samples, maybe the overlap integrals for different k can be analyzed. For example, when k varies, the shifts are over different parts of the function. So, the maximum overlap is determined by the worst-case shift.

But how to model that? Maybe there's a way to parametrize the function h to have specific properties. For example, ensuring that the function is symmetric or has some periodicity. However, the problem allows any step function, so symmetry might not be necessary.

Another approach: the current code's DE uses a population size of 60 and runs for 250 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size could help explore more of the search space, but that would take more time. Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations but increasing the population size to balance the exploration.

Wait, the user's previous code also uses a BFGS refinement. Maybe using a different local optimization method, like Nelder-Mead, could help escape local minima. Or using multiple local optimizations starting from different points.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate model or Bayesian optimization to find better candidates, but that might be too complex to implement within the time budget.

Another thing to consider: the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses an equality constraint with the sum. Perhaps using a different constraint type, but I think the constraints are correctly handled.

Wait, the current code uses a differential evolution for the global optimization and then refines with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. Maybe the initial DE run could be optimized. For example, using a more efficient mutation strategy or reducing the number of iterations but accepting a slightly worse result if it's faster.

But the user is asking for an improved upper bound. So, perhaps the previous code wasn't sufficient. What if we try a different initial guess? For example, maybe a different pattern for h that's not the initial_h_values. For example, a more regular pattern like placing the maximums of h in a way that they don't overlap too much.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. The overlap for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, the challenge is to make sure that for all possible shifts, this integral is as small as possible. One approach is to spread out the regions where h is 1 and 0, so that when you shift, the overlap is minimized.

The initial_h_values might be a specific pattern that's not optimal. So, maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a construction where the function h has a certain structure, like multiple steps that alternate between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlap.

Alternatively, perhaps constructing a function that's a combination of pulses or blocks. For instance, placing h at certain intervals where it's high, and then ensuring that shifts don't align the high regions with the low regions.

But how to code that? Well, maybe generating a grid where the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but that requires choosing the intervals optimally.

But since the function is a step function with n_points samples, maybe using a regular pattern. For example, placing h to be 1 in intervals of length 1/3, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary vector, but since it's a step function, it's piecewise constant. However, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1. So perhaps the best approach is to model h as a set of segments where the function is constant, but in the code, it's represented as a discretized array.

Hmm, maybe the previous code's DE isn't converging to the global minimum. To improve this, perhaps using a more efficient global search algorithm, or combining methods. Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library, like using scipy's minimize with a different method.

Another thought: the objective function is the maximum of several values (the cross-correlation), so the maximum is what needs to be minimized. The previous code evaluates the cross-correlation for all shifts, which could be computationally intensive. Maybe there's a way to optimize the way the objective function is computed.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, for the problem, we only need the maximum over these values. So, the objective function is the maximum value of the cross-correlation multiplied by dx.

Alternatively, maybe the cross-correlation can be computed more efficiently. But that's probably handled by numpy.

Another idea: instead of using a global search followed by local refinement, maybe use a hybrid approach that combines different methods with different parameters. For example, using a genetic algorithm for global search and then a local solver for refinement.

Alternatively, consider using a different starting point. The initial_h_values could be a certain configuration, but perhaps another configuration could be better. For example, a function that's 1 in the first half of the interval and 0 in the second, but that's likely to give a higher C5 value.

But the initial_h_values is provided by the user, so I should use that. Wait, the user said that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, perhaps the initial_h_values is a good starting point, but maybe the code can explore other starting points.

Wait, the previous code only uses the initial guess and a differential evolution run. Maybe modifying the initial guess based on some pattern could help. For example, adding noise to the initial_h_values to avoid getting stuck in a local minimum.

Another thing: the current code uses SLSQP for refinement, which is a gradient-based method. If the initial guess is good, this could converge quickly. However, if the initial guess is not good, it may not find the optimal solution.

Maybe using multiple starting points for the optimization. For example, generating several initial guesses and running the optimization from each, then selecting the best result. However, this would use more time and may not fit within the budget.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method for the global search. For example, the previous code uses differential evolution, which is a population-based method. Maybe combining it with a local search for each individual in the population.

Alternatively, use a more efficient constraint handling. The sum constraint is linear and equality, so the SLSQP method should handle it well.

Wait, in the previous code, after the differential evolution, they run SLSQP and then L-BFGS-B. Maybe switching the order of the methods or using more iterations in SLSQP could be better. Also, adjusting the parameters like ftol, maxiter, etc.

Another thing: the budget is 100 seconds. The previous code uses DE with 250 iterations, then SLSQP and BFGS steps. Maybe the time is spent in the DE, and perhaps reducing the number of DE iterations but increasing the population size could help.

But how to adjust that. Also, the DE's mutation and recombination parameters could be tuned. For example, using a higher mutation rate to explore more of the search space.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not the best starting point, maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, creating a pattern that has more balanced regions.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known construction for the problem. So, using that as a starting point is good. But the problem is that the code's current optimization may not be sufficient.

Another idea: since the function h is a step function, the cross-correlation can be broken down into the product of the values of h at different positions. However, calculating this exactly might be complex.

Alternatively, perhaps using the fact that the integral is over [0,2], and for each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)). So, for k=0, this is zero because h(x) * (1 - h(x)) is zero. For other shifts, the integral depends on how much overlap there is between h and the shifted function.

So, the maximum occurs at some shift k. To minimize this maximum, h should be designed such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible.

This seems like a problem that requires the function h to have as little overlap as possible with its shifted versions. One way to achieve this is to have h's support (the regions where it is 1) spread out in the domain. For example, if the function is 1 on non-overlapping intervals, then shifting by a certain amount would not overlap with the original.

But since the function is over [0,2], and the integral of h is 1, the total area under h is 1. So, if h is 1 on intervals of length a, then the total length of those intervals is 1. For example, if h is 1 on [0,1], then the integral is 1, but shifting by 1 would align the end of the first interval with the start of the next, possibly leading to higher overlaps.

Alternatively, perhaps spreading out the intervals. For example, placing three intervals of length 1/3, but that would total length 1. Then, shifting by 1/3 would cause overlaps between intervals.

But how to model this in code? Maybe generating a pattern with multiple segments where h takes values of 1 and 0, but the code's current approach allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, which might be more flexible.

But given that the code uses a step function represented discretely, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, creating a function that's 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a probabilistic approach where the function h is designed to have a certain distribution that minimizes the overlap. However, that's abstract.

Another approach is to think of this as an optimization problem with the goal of minimizing the maximum overlap. Since the overlap for each k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx, which is the same as the integral over x of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. Therefore, the maximum over k of this value.

But since h is in [0,1], h(x)h(x +k) is the product, which is maximized when both are 1. So, the overlap is the integral of h(x) minus the integral of the product. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of [integral of h(x) minus integral of h(x)h(x+k)] over all k. But since the integral of h(x) is 1, then the maximum of [1 - integral h(x)h(x+k)] over k. So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of [1 - integral h(x)h(x+k) dx] over all k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum value of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) over k. So, the problem reduces to finding a function h that maximizes the minimum over k of the integral of h(x)h(x +k).

But I'm not sure if that helps directly, but perhaps it provides another perspective.

Another thing: the previous code uses the initial_h_values and runs the optimization. Maybe there's a better way to generate an initial guess. For example, using a sinusoidal function or a piecewise linear function that has certain properties. But how to code that.

Alternatively, since the problem is similar to designing a function with high autocorrelation properties, but in reverse. A function with low cross-correlation across shifts would be better.

But again, how to model that.

Another idea is to use the fact that the function h must have a certain balance between being 1 and 0. Maybe the current initial_h_values is a known example, but perhaps we can refine it by applying some smoothing or adjusting the positions of the 1's.

For example, if the initial_h_values has spikes in certain positions, maybe adjusting them to be more evenly spread out.

Alternatively, think of the function as a set of intervals where it is 1, and between them 0. Then, the cross-correlation would be maximized when the intervals are aligned. So, to minimize the overlap, perhaps the intervals should be placed such that they don't align when shifted.

But again, how to translate this into code.

Perhaps the key is to optimize the function h with a combination of global and local methods, and to tune the parameters effectively. For example, using a more aggressive DE setup, or trying different starting points.

In the previous code, the DE has a fixed population size and maxiter. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations would lead to better exploration, but it may take more time. Alternatively, using a smaller population but more iterations.

Another thing: the current code uses a list of parameters for the optimization, but if we can find a way to parameterize the function h more cleverly, perhaps using a different representation (like Fourier coefficients) to reduce the number of parameters. However, that might complicate the code.

Alternatively, since the function is over [0,2], and we are dealing with shifts, maybe the function can be represented as having certain repeating patterns or symmetries.

But I think that might not be necessary.

In terms of code, the previous code uses the initial_h_values and runs DE, then SLSQP, then BFGS. Maybe adjusting the parameters of these steps could help. For example, increasing the population size in DE or decreasing the mutation rate.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the global search, which might be more efficient.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps focusing on improving the existing code's parameters and strategies.

Another idea: precompute all possible k values that could be critical for the maximum. For example, for the domain [0, 2], the possible shifts k could be between 0 and 2. But when the function h is a step function with n_points samples, the shifts that are relevant are those that correspond to the intervals between the samples. So, the actual k values that are important are the positions where the function h has significant overlap with itself.

But how to determine which k's are critical. For example, the maximum overlap may occur for k in the vicinity of the points where the function has high values. However, this is not something that can be computed without an existing solution.

An alternative approach: the current code evaluates the cross-correlation for all possible shifts using np.correlate, which is efficient. But perhaps the maximum value is dominated by shifts that are in a certain range. So, maybe instead of evaluating all k, we can focus on a subset of k's that are more likely to give the maximum value. However, this is a heuristic and may not be accurate.

But for the purpose of optimization, perhaps the code can focus on the critical shifts. However, this would require knowing which shifts are important, which is part of what we're trying to find.

In conclusion, to improve the previous approach, perhaps:

1. Tune the parameters of the DE and SLSQP methods to find a better balance between exploration and exploitation.
2. Use multiple initial guesses to avoid local optima.
3. Experiment with different optimization methods for the global and local steps.
4. Explore different starting points, not just the initial_h_values.

But how to implement this within the code constraints.

Let me think about code structure. The previous code uses a differential evolution for global search, then a SLSQP for refinement, then BFGS for further refinement. Maybe changing the order or adding more refinements.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different local optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and can be effective in some cases.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can model this as a constrained optimization problem and use a solver that handles constraints efficiently. However, the previous code uses scipy's optimization methods, which should be sufficient.

Another thing: the current code uses the same initial guess for all steps. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each could lead to better results. For example, adding noise to the initial_h_values or using a different pattern.

But how to generate these initial guesses. For example, creating a grid where the function is 1 in certain positions and 0 elsewhere, but that might be too restrictive.

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a baseline and applying small perturbations to it as different initial guesses.

In the code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. So, maybe generating several variations of it. For example, flipping some of the values or adding random noise.

But this would require additional code and time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so it has to be efficient.

Another idea: instead of using the DE for the global search, perhaps use a different global optimization method that is more efficient. However, DE is a standard approach for this kind of problem.

So, the previous code might have some parameters that can be tuned. For example:

- Mutation and recombination parameters in DE.
- Population size.
- Number of iterations.
- Tolerance for convergence.

Maybe increasing the number of iterations for DE would allow it to reach a better solution, but it might take more time. However, the code has to be within the 100 seconds budget.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive mutation in DE to explore the search space more thoroughly.

In the previous code, the DE uses mutation=(0.5, 0.9), which is a range for the mutation factor. Increasing the upper bound might allow more exploration.

Another thing: the current code uses a differential evolution with 250 iterations. Maybe reducing that to 150 and seeing if it's sufficient, but that's a guess.

Alternatively, using a different mode of DE. For example, using a "best" strategy where mutations are based on the best individual. But I'm not sure how to implement that.

In terms of coding, perhaps modifying the DE parameters. For example, increasing the population size to 100, which might take more time but could find a better solution.

But the code's budget is tight. So, perhaps making the DE more efficient by reducing the number of iterations or increasing the population size.

Alternatively, combining DE with other methods more efficiently.

Another thought: since the current code uses a lot of steps, perhaps focusing on the DE and SLSQP steps. For example, running a more thorough DE and then a finer SLSQP.

Alternatively, trying a different method for the initial global search. For example, using a genetic algorithm with elitism to keep the best individuals.

But given the time constraint, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the parameters of the existing code.

Let me try to think about how to code it. Let me see:

The previous code uses:

optimize.differential_evolution(
    fun=objective,
    bounds=bounds,
    popsize=60,
    maxiter=250,
    mutation=(0.5, 0.9),
    recombination=0.8,
    tol=1e-9,
    vectorized=True
)

Maybe increasing the population size to 80 and decreasing the maxiter to 200. Or other combinations. Also, adjusting the mutation parameters.

Another thing: the vectorized=True flag allows for faster computation, which is good.

Then, after DE, it runs SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations here.

Alternatively, for the further refinement steps, using different methods. But I think the code is already using BFGS.

Another idea: after the DE, instead of using SLSQP, use a more robust local optimizer. Or use a combination of SLSQP and BFGS.

But I think the current code's approach is reasonable.

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the DE and SLSQP steps, and experimenting with different initial guesses.

In conclusion, the key improvements could be:

1. Adjusting the DE parameters (popsize, mutation, maxiter, etc.) to balance exploration and exploitation.
2. Using a different initial guess for the optimization, possibly by perturbing the initial_h_values.
3. Using a more efficient local optimization strategy after the global search.

But how to implement this in code.

In the code, perhaps increasing the DE's population size and mutation range, and reducing the maxiter. Also, trying different starting points.

Another approach is to use a different initial guess, such as creating a periodic pattern. For example, generating a function that is periodic with certain properties, but since the domain is [0,2], it's a bit tricky.

Alternatively, using a more structured initial guess, such as placing the function h with higher values in the middle of the interval, or alternating between 1 and 0 in a regular pattern.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available, so we should use that.

Another idea is to add noise to the initial guess to explore different regions of the search space. For example, adding random perturbations to the initial_h_values before starting the optimization. This would increase the chances of finding a better solution.

So, in the code, before running the DE, we could generate a few different initial guesses by adding noise to the initial_h_values and run the optimization from each. The best solution from all these guesses would be selected.

But this would use more time. For example, if we generate 3 different initial guesses with noise, it would take 3 times the time of the previous DE run. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so it might be manageable.

Alternatively, in the code, during the DE step, use a larger population or more iterations.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the parameters of the DE and SLSQP steps.

In the current code, the DE uses popsize=60, maxiter=250, mutation=(0.5, 0.9), recombination=0.8, etc. Perhaps reducing the popsize to 40 and increasing the maxiter to 300, or vice versa.

Another thing: in the previous code, the DE and SLSQP are run, and then BFGS is done in a loop for time. But maybe the BFGS could be run fewer times but with more iterations.

In the current code, after DE, the SLSQP is run with maxiter=300. Then, in the loop, the BFGS runs for 50 iterations per loop.

Alternatively, increasing the maxiter for the BFGS runs.

But this is all about parameter tuning.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps we can add a constraint that the maximum is below a certain threshold. However, that would make the optimization problem more complex.

But given that the objective function is to minimize the maximum value, the current approach is correct.

In terms of code, the previous approach may not be sufficient. So, perhaps trying a different global optimization method.

For example, using a genetic algorithm with a different strategy.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code's parameters and see if that can lead to a better result.

Another possible adjustment: using the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also trying other initial guesses generated by some method, such as creating a periodic pattern.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to create a better initial guess. Hence, the previous code's approach of using the initial_h_values and running optimization on it is a solid starting point.

Another idea: the current code uses the full cross-correlation for all shifts. However, for the problem, the overlaps for shifts larger than 2 may not be relevant, since the domain is [0,2]. For example, a shift of 2 would map the function to itself, but since it's a step function, the overlap may be small. However, the code already includes all shifts.

But again, this is handled by the current code.

Another thought: the current code uses the SLSQP and BFGS methods successively, but maybe skipping some steps could save time. For example, just using the DE result and refining it with SLSQP once.

But the previous code's approach is already in place.

In conclusion, perhaps the previous code can be improved by adjusting the DE parameters, increasing the population size, and/or allowing more iterations. Let's try to modify the previous code's DE parameters to see if that can lead to better results.

Another thing: the initial_h_values is given, but perhaps using a different initial guess could help. For example, smoothing the initial_h_values or applying some transformation to it.

But without knowing what initial_h_values is, it's hard to say. However, since the user says that initial_h_values is available, we can use it directly.

Another possible refinement: during the initial guess, adding a small amount of random noise to the initial_h_values. This could help escape local minima. For example, perturbing the initial guess slightly and running the optimization from there.

But how to implement that in code. For example, generating a new initial guess by adding a small random noise to the initial_h_values.

In the code, the initial guess is set as:

initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)

Then, in the optimization steps, the code runs DE from this initial guess. But adding noise could be done during the initial steps.

But since the code is time-sensitive, that may not be feasible. However, it's worth trying.

Putting it all together, perhaps modifying the code to include a perturbed initial guess and adjust the DE parameters.

But given the time constraints, I think the best approach is to adjust the code's parameters and see.

So, the step-by-step changes to the code could be:

- Increase the population size in DE to, say, 80.
- Increase the maxiter for DE to 300.
- Use a different mutation range, like (0.6, 1.0), to allow for more exploration.
- Reduce the number of iterations for SLSQP to save time.
- Use a more efficient local optimizer, like Nelder-Mead, in addition to SLSQP and BFGS.

But I need to write this in code.

Another thought: the current code has a while loop for the BFGS refinement, which runs while time is left. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in this loop could help, but it depends on the convergence rate.

Alternatively, using more iterations in SLSQP.

In any case, the code's main issue is the optimization parameters. Adjusting those might lead to a better result.

So, the final code would modify the DE parameters, and adjust the optimization steps to find a better solution.

For example, in the differential evolution call, changing the parameters:

optimize.differential_evolution(
    fun=objective,
    bounds=bounds,
    popsize=80,
    maxiter=300,
    mutation=(0.6, 1.0),
    recombination=0.9,
    tol=1e-9,
    vectorized=True
)

Then, after that, run a more intense SLSQP with maxiter set to 500.

Also, during the BFGS refinement, increase the maxiter.

But this would take more time, so need to balance.

Another idea: using a hybrid approach where we run DE for a certain number of iterations, then use SLSQP for refinement, and then use BFGS for further refinement.

But given the code's structure, the previous steps are already in place.

In conclusion, the code needs to be adjusted with better parameters, and perhaps different starting points to improve the result. The key is to find a balance between global exploration and local refinement within the time budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess, maxiter=300, ftol=1e-8):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': ftol, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        return result.x if result.success else None
    
    # Enhanced global search with DE and diversified initial guesses
    try:
        # Generate perturbed initial guess
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, 0.05, size=n_points)
        guess1 = initial_guess + perturb
        guess1 = np.clip(guess1, 0, 1)
        
        # Differential evolution with adjusted parameters
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=80,
            maxiter=300,
            mutation=(0.6, 1.0),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-9,
            vectorized=True,
            workers=-1
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
        
        # Additional refinement with perturbed initial guess
        result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess1,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
            best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    # Local refinement with BFGS
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 30:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```