<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to come up with a better construction than the previous program's result of 0.381142. 

First, let me understand the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx, and we take the maximum over all k. The aim is to minimize this max value, which gives an upper bound on the Erdős constant.

The previous code uses a combination of differential evolution and local optimization (SLSQP, L-BFGS-B) starting from the initial_h_values. The current result is 0.381142. I need to find a way to improve this.

Possible improvements could involve different optimization strategies, better initial guesses, or more efficient exploration of the search space. Let's think about what might be missing or could be optimized in the previous approach.

One thing to consider is the initial guess. The previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. However, maybe starting from a different initial guess could lead to a better solution. For example, maybe a more evenly distributed or structured initial guess could avoid local minima.

Another angle is the optimization algorithm used. The code uses differential evolution for global search and then local refinement with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. Maybe combining different methods or adjusting their parameters could yield better results. For example, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a better mutation strategy, or using a different local optimizer.

Also, the problem involves a high-dimensional space (with n_points up to maybe 500 or so). The previous code uses differential evolution with a certain population size and max iterations. Maybe adjusting these parameters for more exploration or using a different global search method could help.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts. The function to minimize is the maximum of these integrals. So, perhaps the problem is non-convex and has many local minima. Therefore, the success of the optimization depends on both good initial points and effective exploration strategies.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since h is a step function, it's a piecewise constant function. The integral constraints require that the total area under h is 1 over [0,2]. For the previous code, the initial_h_values are given, but maybe there's a better starting point that's more structured.

An alternative approach could be to use symmetry. For example, if the function h is designed to be symmetric or periodic in some way, it might balance the overlap integrals better. But I'm not sure how to construct such a function.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points. The problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe experimenting with different n_points could help. For instance, using a higher n_points (like 500) might allow more precise control over the function's shape, but could also make optimization more computationally expensive. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so the code needs to be efficient.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points (from initial_h_values). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation of the optimal function. However, the code is supposed to be efficient. The current code starts with 45 points. Maybe trying with a different number of points, perhaps 100, but need to check the time constraints.

Alternatively, maybe the initial_h_values are not optimal and a different construction could be used as a starting point. For example, a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals, designed to distribute the mass evenly to minimize overlaps.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where the function h needs to "cover" the interval as much as possible without overlapping too much with its shifted versions. So, perhaps designing h to have regions where it's 1, 0, and intermediate values in a way that balances the overlap for different shifts.

Alternatively, think about the dual problem: for each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these, the function should be arranged such that for any shift, the overlap is as small as possible.

In the previous code, the optimization is done using SLSQP and L-BFGS-B, but maybe using a different optimization algorithm, such as Nelder-Mead, could be more effective for this problem, especially if the objective function is non-smooth.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of the convolution. However, when using the numpy correlate function, the result for mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation at all lags. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the value of C5.

But the problem is that the maximum is a non-differentiable function. So, the optimization might struggle with that. Therefore, using a different approach for approximating the maximum could be helpful. For example, instead of directly optimizing the max, perhaps using a surrogate function that's easier to optimize.

Alternatively, maybe use a multi-objective approach, where we try to minimize each of the overlaps, but that might be computationally expensive.

Another idea: using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) for global search. PSO is a population-based method that can explore the search space more effectively for certain types of problems. However, the code in the previous approach uses differential evolution, which is similar to PSO in some aspects.

Alternatively, perhaps combining differential evolution with a more efficient local search. For example, after finding a good solution via DE, using a local optimizer that's more effective for this problem.

Another consideration is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be computationally expensive for large n_points. However, with n_points up to 1000, maybe it's manageable within the time budget. But for the code to run efficiently, it's important to minimize the time spent in the objective function.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial_h_values, which is a starting point. Maybe the initial_h_values are not the best possible, so trying different initializations could be beneficial. For example, using a random initial guess, or a more structured one.

Another approach: since the integral over [0,2] of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. The optimal function h would be such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. So, a function that is as uniform as possible, but with certain regions where it's 0 or 1 to balance the overlaps.

But how to design such a function? Maybe using a grid of points with certain spacing, alternating between 0 and 1, but ensuring the integral is 1. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) but this would make the integral 1, which would imply that the total measure is 1. However, such a binary function might not be optimal, and perhaps a better approach is to use a combination of 0, 1, and intermediate values.

But the problem allows for any step function h, so perhaps the optimal is a combination of several intervals where h is 0, 1, or anything in between.

Let me think about the current best value of 0.38085. The previous code's result was 0.381142, so there's a small gap. How can we reduce this further?

Maybe by using more sophisticated optimization techniques. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in finding the minimum by using surrogate models. But implementing Bayesian optimization in the code might be complex.

Alternatively, consider using a more efficient local optimizer. The previous code uses SLSQP and L-BFGS-B, but maybe other methods like COBYLA or trust-constrained could work better.

Another thought: the constraint is that the integral of h is 1. This is a single equality constraint. So, the optimization problem is constrained, and the code uses SLSQP which handles equality constraints.

Wait, the problem could be reformulated as minimizing the maximum of the overlaps, subject to the integral constraint. But since the maximum is non-convex, this is a non-convex optimization problem, which is hard to solve globally.

So, the code's approach is to use a global search (differential evolution) to find a feasible solution, then refine it using local optimizers. The key is to find a good starting point and then exploit the local optimizers effectively.

In the previous code, maybe the differential evolution isn't converging to a good enough solution. So, perhaps adjusting the parameters of the differential evolution, like the population size, mutation rate, or recombination rate.

Another idea: perhaps using a different initial guess. For instance, instead of starting from initial_h_values, start with a random guess that satisfies the integral constraint. But the initial_h_values are given, so maybe they are a good starting point, but perhaps other initial points could be better.

Wait, the problem says that if initial_h_values are available, use them directly. So, the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. The problem is that the initial_h_values might not be optimal, so the code should be able to find a better solution by exploring around them.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of points, the code could try different n_points. However, the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. But perhaps trying with a different n_points (like 100) might allow better optimization. However, changing n_points would require adjusting other parameters, and the code needs to run within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, maybe precompute the initial_h_values as a better starting point. For example, using a more structured initial guess than the one provided. But since the initial_h_values are given, perhaps the code should use them, and focus on improving the optimization process.

Alternatively, the code could use a different optimization strategy for the initial guess. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population size and more generations to explore the search space more thoroughly.

But implementing all this within the code's time constraints is challenging.

Let me think about the code's current structure. The code does differential evolution (DE) for global search, then local refinement with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B. Maybe the DE is not efficient enough, or the local optimizers aren't sufficiently effective. For example, the previous code uses the DE with popsize=60 and maxiter=250, but perhaps increasing the population size or number of generations could help, but that might use more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization algorithm for the initial search. For example, using a genetic algorithm (GA) with a different mutation strategy or crossover method. However, the scipy.optimize module includes differential evolution, which is a type of evolutionary algorithm.

Another thought: the problem might benefit from using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The np.correlate function is O(n^2), which for n=45 is manageable. However, for larger n_points, it could be a problem. But since the code is limited to sequences with less than 1k samples, using n_points=100 or 200 might be feasible.

But the previous code uses n_points=len(initial_h_values), which is 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points to 100 could lead to better results, but the code needs to run within 100 seconds.

Wait, the problem says that the user is encouraged to explore other starting points. So, perhaps generating a different initial guess, not based on the initial_h_values, could lead to better results. For example, a regular grid with intervals that balance the integral.

For example, creating a step function with certain intervals where h is 0 or 1, and adjusting the positions to minimize overlaps. But how to do this algorithmically?

Alternatively, think of the function h as a set of intervals where it's 0 or 1. For instance, if the function has m intervals where it's 1, and (n_points - m) where it's 0. The integral would be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. To have integral 1, the total length of these intervals should be 1.

But for the interval [0,2], this means that the sum of the lengths of the 1s intervals is 1. So, if there are k such intervals, their positions and lengths need to be arranged such that overlaps with their shifted versions are minimized.

But designing such intervals is non-trivial. Perhaps a regular pattern, like spacing intervals evenly, might help. For example, if the function is 1 in half of the interval [0,2], arranged in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

But this is vague. Let's think of the problem in another way. The overlap for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be written as the integral over x where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0, plus the integral over x where h(x) is something else and h(x + k) is something else. But it's complicated to analyze.

Alternatively, consider that for each shift k, the overlap is minimized when h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) are as non-overlapping as possible. So, arranging h such that for any shift k, the regions where h is 1 and 1 - h is 1 (i.e., where h(x + k) is 0) do not overlap much.

This seems to suggest that h should be designed to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions. So, a possible construction could be using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in such a way that their shifts do not overlap too much.

But how to construct such a function? Maybe using a periodic structure with certain period and width. For example, if the function is 1 for a certain interval and then 0, then when shifted, it doesn't overlap. But this is not possible for all shifts, but maybe for a certain k.

Alternatively, using a function with multiple intervals where it's 1, each spaced apart by a certain distance so that their shifts don't overlap.

But again, this is a bit abstract. Let's think of a mathematical approach.

Suppose we have a function h(x) that is 1 on intervals I_1, I_2, ..., I_m, and 0 elsewhere. The total measure of these intervals is 1. For each shift k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be split into the areas where h(x) is 1 and h(x + k) is 0. So, for each interval I_j, the overlap contribution is the length of the overlap between I_j and [ -k, 2 -k ] where h(x + k) is 0. Wait, this might be getting too complicated.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h(x) needs to be such that when shifted by any k, the regions where h(x) = 1 and h(x + k) = 0 are as small as possible, and similarly for other combinations. Minimizing the maximum of these integrals.

This sounds like a covering problem where the goal is to cover certain overlaps. However, I'm not sure of the exact mathematical formulation.

Another angle: since the function is over [0, 2], the shifts can range from -2 to 2. However, the integral over x for each shift k is computed, and the maximum is taken. For shifts larger than 2, the overlap might be zero, so the maximum could be achieved for shifts in a certain range.

But regardless, the maximum is taken over all k, so the function must be adjusted to minimize the worst-case scenario.

Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses DE for global search, then SLSQP and L-BFGS-B for refinement. However, DE might not be efficient enough for this problem. What if I replace DE with a different global search method, such as genetic algorithm (GA)? Or perhaps using a better local optimizer.

Another idea: since the objective function is non-convex, using a more robust optimization algorithm that's better at escaping local minima. For example, using a simulated annealing approach. However, implementing SA with scipy might be complex.

Alternatively, think about using a more efficient way to model the problem. For instance, instead of using the full convolution, maybe approximate the overlaps for a subset of k's. But this might lead to suboptimal solutions.

Alternatively, use a heuristic like greedy optimization. For example, iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap, but this might not be effective.

Another idea: the previous code has a line that says 'target_sum = n_points / 2', which is because the integral of h(x) is 1, and dx = 2.0 / n_points. So sum(h) * dx = 1 implies sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, the code correctly enforces this.

Now, the code uses the differential evolution algorithm to find a global optimum. But perhaps the DE parameters are not optimally set. For example, the mutation parameter (0.5, 0.9) might be too small or too large. Or the recombination rate could be adjusted. For example, increasing the mutation range might lead to better exploration, but could also increase computational time.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function is the maximum of the convolution values. Since the convolution is computed for all lags, but the maximum is taken, this makes the function non-smooth. Differential evolution might find good solutions, but not the best.

So, perhaps the code could use a different approach for approximating the maximum. For example, instead of computing the full convolution and taking the maximum, maybe approximate the maximum by focusing on a subset of possible k's. However, this might miss the true maximum.

Alternatively, use a surrogate model of the maximum value and optimize that. But this is more complex.

Another idea: the problem could be transformed into a constrained optimization problem where we minimize the maximum overlap. However, since it's non-convex, it's challenging.

In terms of code improvements, perhaps changing the differential evolution parameters. For example, increasing the population size to 100, and increasing the maxiter. However, this would take more time. The previous code uses popsize=60 and maxiter=250, which might not be optimal. Maybe increasing the popsize and adjusting other parameters could help.

Another idea is to use the initial guess from the initial_h_values and then perform a more thorough local optimization, perhaps using a combination of different local optimizers. But the previous code uses SLSQP and L-BFGS-B.

Also, the previous code uses a non-adaptive approach for the local optimization: runs L-BFGS-B until time is up. Maybe using a more adaptive approach, such as gradually reducing the step size or adjusting the tolerance, could help.

Another thing to note: the current code's objective function returns the maximum of the convolution, multiplied by dx. To minimize this, the code is trying to find a function h that makes the maximum overlap as small as possible.

Now, to improve the code, perhaps I could explore using a different initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values provided, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint and might be better in terms of spreading out the function. But since the initial_h_values are given, and the user is told to use them directly if available, the code should start from that.

But maybe the initial_h_values are not the best starting point. If the code could generate a better starting point, that would help. However, the problem says to use initial_h_values if available.

Another approach is to use a different optimization algorithm for the local refinement. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a different set of parameters. But scipy's optimize doesn't have a GA implementation, apart from differential evolution.

Alternative plan: The previous code's main issue could be that the differential evolution is not sufficient to find a good solution. So, perhaps replacing the DE with a more efficient global search or using a different approach for the initial steps.

Alternatively, use a combination of multiple optimization strategies. For example, perform a global search with DE, then use a more aggressive local search. However, the previous code already does that.

Let me think of specific code changes. The previous code starts with the initial guess and uses DE. Maybe increasing the number of iterations for DE could help. Also, the code uses a while loop for the local L-BFGS-B optimization, but stops when time is up. Perhaps tightening the tolerances or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another thing to consider is the use of the L-BFGS-B method. Maybe using a different method for local optimization, like SLSQP, could yield better results.

Alternatively, consider that the maximum overlap is a sum that might be dominated by a few specific k's. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those particular k's could reduce the overall value. For example, if we can identify which shifts k are most problematic for the current h, we can target those in the optimization.

But how to do that in code? It would require evaluating the overlaps for various k's and adjusting the function to minimize those. This might be too involved.

Alternatively, use a multi-objective optimization approach, where the code tries to minimize each of the overlaps, but this is not feasible directly.

Another thought: the current code uses the same h for all shifts. Perhaps using a function that is symmetric in some way, such as having equal regions of 1 and 0 spaced evenly, could help. For example, if the function is 1 for a certain interval and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it by the length of the interval could avoid overlap. But since the shifts can be any value, this might not help for all k.

But if the function is periodic or has a certain pattern, it might help. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced in such a way that their shifts don't overlap. However, I need to think about the exact structure.

Wait, for the interval [0, 2], if the function h(x) is 1 on [0, 1], and 0 on [1, 2], then for shifts k=1, the overlap would be the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+1)) dx over [0, 2]. For x in [0, 1], x+1 is in [1, 2], so 1 - h(x+1) is 1. So the overlap would be integral of 1*1 dx from 0 to 1, which is 1. This is clearly bad. So this suggests that a simple step function is not optimal.

Thus, a more complex step function is needed, with multiple intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0, and carefully arranged to minimize overlaps.

But designing such a function manually is challenging. Hence, relying on the optimizer is necessary.

So, perhaps the best way to improve the code is to adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithm to get better convergence. For example, using a larger population size in DE, or more iterations, or using a different optimization method for the local search.

Another idea is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the full convolution. But perhaps there's a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, precompute the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the max value. For example, for the interval [0,2], the most critical shifts might be those that are within a certain range. For example, shifts k in (0, 2), which is the range where the overlap could be significant. But this is not certain.

In any case, the main code changes would involve adjusting the optimization parameters and possibly exploring different initial guesses. Since the initial_h_values are given, and we have to use them, the focus is on improving the optimization strategy.

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses DE for globalization and then local refinement. Maybe the DE is not sufficient for this problem.

Another possibility is to use a different optimization method for the global search. For example, using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with the 'SLSQP' method, but that might not perform well for global search. Alternatively, using 'COBYLA' if the problem is bounded.

Alternatively, consider using a mesh adaptive search (MADS) algorithm, but scipy doesn't have that.

So, perhaps the main change is to improve the DE parameters. For example, increasing the population size, changing the mutation and recombination parameters.

Let me also consider runtime. The previous code has a budget of 100 seconds. The code needs to run within that time. So, any changes should not significantly increase the runtime. For example, increasing the popsize in DE might use more time, but maybe it's manageable.

Another idea: the code could perform multiple DE runs with different parameters, then take the best solution. However, this might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, the code could try a more efficient local refinement. For example, after DE, use a few iterations of the local optimizer with tighter tolerances.

Another thing to note is that the current code uses the 'SLSQP' method with a relatively high number of iterations (300) and tight tolerances. But perhaps the L-BFGS-B is more effective for this problem, given its ability to handle bound constraints and use second-order information.

So, perhaps the previous code's approach is good, but there's room for improvement in the parameters or algorithm.

To improve the code, perhaps consider:

1. Using a larger population size for DE.
2. Increasing the number of iterations for DE and local optimization.
3. Adjusting the mutation and recombination parameters in DE.
4. Trying different local optimization methods or parameters.
5. Using a different initial guess.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me outline a modified version of the previous code with these changes.

First, the code could increase the popsize in DE to 100, increase maxiter to 300, and adjust other parameters like mutation and recombination. Also, for the local optimization, perhaps use a combination of SLSQP and L-BFGS-B with tighter tolerances.

Additionally, the code could try generating a different initial guess. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, create a random starting point that satisfies the integral constraint. However, the problem says that if initial_h_values are available, use them. Therefore, this is not allowed.

But the user is encouraged to explore other starting points if possible. So, perhaps the code could try a different starting guess, such as a uniform distribution with certain adjustments. But since the initial_h_values are given, and the code is supposed to use them directly, I need to stick to that.

So, the code should start from the initial_h_values. Now, to improve the optimization parameters.

Let me consider changing the DE parameters. For example:

- popsize=100
- maxiter=300
- mutation=(0.5, 0.9)
- recombination=0.8

But this would take more time. However, the code's time budget is 100 seconds, so the code needs to be efficient.

Another idea: using a more efficient local optimizer. For example, using the SLSQP method with a different set of options, or using more aggressive steps.

Alternatively, use a combination of DE and SLSQP in a different way.

Another possible change: instead of using the initial guess as the starting point for DE, use a random perturbation around the initial guess. This could help explore different regions of the solution space.

But again, the code needs to be efficient.

Let me try to modify the code as follows:

- Increase the DE parameters for better exploration.
- Use SLSQP for refining the solution with tighter tolerances.
- Adjust the local optimization parameters to run more iterations.

Also, the code could track the best solution found so far and use it to initialize subsequent optimizations.

Now, to code this, I need to adjust the parameters of the differential evolution and the local optimization steps.

Another thing: in the previous code, after finding a solution with DE, the code attempts to refine it with SLSQP. Perhaps doing more iterations of this refinement could lead to better results.

Also, the while loop for L-BFGS-B could be adjusted to run for more iterations or use a different tolerance.

Another possible adjustment is to use a different global optimization method if DE isn't effective. However, given the time constraints, using DE is probably the best approach.

So, putting it all together, the code should be adjusted to use more aggressive DE parameters and possibly a more effective local optimizer.

Now, let me think about code changes. For example, changing the differential evolution parameters:

In the previous code:

result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
    fun=objective,
    bounds=bounds,
    popsize=60,
    maxiter=250,
    mutation=(0.5, 0.9),
    recombination=0.8,
    tol=1e-9,
    vectorized=True
)

Maybe increasing popsize to 100 and maxiter to 300, and adjusting mutation range.

Also, using vectorized=True would make the DE run faster, which is good.

For the local optimization step, the previous code uses SLSQP with 300 iterations and tight tolerances. Perhaps increasing the iterations for SLSQP or using a tighter ftol.

Another idea: in the local refinement, after DE, use SLSQP with more iterations, and then do a few L-BFGS-B steps.

So, modifying the code accordingly.

Additionally, ensuring that the best solution is tracked and used for further refinement.

Another possible optimization: after finding a solution with DE, use the initials from DE to start the local optimization, and then iterate until time runs out.

But given all these considerations, I think the core of the code is similar to the previous one, but with adjusted parameters for DE and local optimization.

Thus, the final code would look like the previous one, but with parameters adjusted for better exploration and refinement.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess, maxiter=300, ftol=1e-8):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': maxiter, 'ftol': ftol, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        return result.x if result.success else None
    
    # Global search with differential evolution
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=100,
            maxiter=250,
            mutation=(0.7, 0.95),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-9,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    # Local refinement with L-BFGS-B
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 30:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```