<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The user provided a previous Python code that uses an initial guess and then optimizes with SLSQP, but it's not achieving the target. My task is to improve upon that.

First, I should understand the problem better. The goal is to find a step function h over [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The function is discretized into n_points samples, with dx = 2.0 / n_points. The sum of h must be n_points / 2 to satisfy the integral constraint.

The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with perturbations, but perhaps it's getting stuck in local optima. The user wants a better approach. So, what can be done differently?

Hmm, maybe using different optimization methods. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe another method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing would explore more of the solution space. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, I need something efficient.

Alternatively, maybe a better initialization. The initial_h_values are given, but perhaps using a different starting point could lead to better results. For example, starting with a more symmetric or structured pattern might help.

Another idea is to consider that the problem is similar to a covering problem. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k, perhaps the optimal h is designed to avoid overlaps as much as possible. For example, making h(x) have regions where it's 1 and 0 in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to model that? The current approach is to optimize the h_values numerically. Maybe adding more constraints or regularizations could help. For instance, ensuring that the h function has certain properties, like being piecewise constant with fixed intervals.

Another approach is to use a different optimization algorithm. The previous code used SLSQP with local perturbations. Maybe a global optimization method like particle swarm optimization (PSO) could explore the search space more thoroughly. But implementing PSO might take time, and given the time constraints, I need to code efficiently.

Alternatively, using gradient-based methods with better initializations. Maybe starting from the initial_h_values and then doing more extensive local optimization. But perhaps the previous code isn't doing enough iterations or varying the perturbations enough.

Wait, the initial code uses 20 iterations, each with a perturbation and then optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation parameters could help. Also, maybe trying different starting points other than the initial_h_values.

But the user mentioned that the initial_h_values are available, so maybe trying to use that as a starting point but then explore other regions. Alternatively, using a different starting vector. But without prior knowledge of better starting points, maybe using the initial one is better.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization method. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe using a different optimization library, like using the COBYLA method which handles bounds well. Or maybe using a penalty method with different parameters.

Wait, maybe the problem is that the current approach is not thoroughly exploring the solution space. What if I use a genetic algorithm approach, where I have a population of candidate h functions, and evolve them over generations, selecting those that have lower C5 values. However, implementing a GA within the time budget might be challenging.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a combination of gradient descent with line search and random perturbations. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best parameters.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the most feasible way is to adjust the existing approach. Let's think about possible improvements to the existing code.

The previous code uses initial_guess as the initial_h_values, and then perturbs it with random normal noise, then applies SLSQP optimization. But perhaps the perturbations are too small or too big. Maybe using different perturbation scales over time. Also, maybe the initial_guess is not the best starting point.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and might escape local minima better. But the Nelder-Mead method has issues with constraints, so maybe not suitable here.

Another idea: since the integral constraint is fixed, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as an optimization with a single constraint, which can be handled by the SLSQP method. But the current code is using SLSQP, maybe with too few iterations.

What if we increase the number of iterations and use more aggressive perturbations? Also, maybe using a different method for the optimization, such as using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which handles bounds and is efficient.

Wait, but the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe changing the optimization method. Or adding more constraints. Let me think about the objective function again.

The objective is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. So, during the optimization, the algorithm is trying to minimize that maximum. However, perhaps the problem is highly non-convex, leading to local minima. Thus, using multiple different starting points and combining the results could help.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but to avoid local minima, trying multiple initializations based on variations of this initial guess. For example, generating multiple perturbed versions of the initial guess and optimizing each one, then taking the best result.

But the current code does a loop over 20 iterations, each with a perturbed guess. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation scale and type. For example, sometimes using larger perturbations, sometimes smaller.

Alternatively, using a different way to generate perturbations. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, maybe generating random steps in certain regions where the h function can be adjusted.

Another approach is to use a more structured optimization. For instance, using a genetic algorithm with a population of h functions, where each function is represented by its samples, and each generation selects the best candidates based on their C5 value, then applies crossover and mutation operations.

But coding that might take more time. However, given the time budget, maybe it's feasible. But how to implement a simple genetic algorithm within 100 seconds.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using coordinate descent: optimize each h[i] one at a time, adjusting them to reduce the C5 value while maintaining the integral constraint. However, this might get stuck in local minima.

Wait, the current approach is to use SLSQP for each perturbed guess. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough. If we can find a better initial guess, that could help. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess, like a de Bruijn sequence or some other structured pattern. But without prior knowledge of such patterns, it's hard to implement.

Another thing: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' with a lot of options. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like increasing the 'ftol' or 'eps' to allow for more precise convergence. Or using different tolerances.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with multiple different initial guesses. For example, starting with the initial guess, then generating several different perturbations and running optimization from each. Then selecting the best result among all.

But the previous code does this with 20 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using different perturbation strategies.

Another possible improvement: during the optimization, instead of just perturbing the initial guess each time, perhaps using the best h found so far as the new initial guess for subsequent iterations, leading to a better iterative refinement.

The current code does this, updating initial_guess = best_h after each successful optimization. That's a good approach.

But maybe using a more robust optimization method. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method which handles bounds and constraints well. Let's check: COBYLA is a derivative-free method suitable for problems with bounds. But since we have a constraint (the sum of h must be fixed), perhaps combining COBYLA with the constraint.

Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' but with a better initial guess.

Another idea: since the overlap integral is max over k of the correlation, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. Maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts. For example, if we can identify the k that are most likely to contribute to the maximum C5, we can adjust the h_values to minimize those specific overlaps.

But how to know which shifts are critical? It might be difficult, but perhaps during the optimization process, we can track which k's are contributing the most and adjust the function accordingly.

Alternatively, maybe using a surrogate model that approximates the correlation for different shifts, but this might complicate things.

Hmm. Let me think about the code again. The user has a time budget of 100 seconds, which is reasonably short. So, the code needs to be efficient. The previous code uses SLSQP with 20 iterations, each with a perturbed guess. Each optimization run takes some time. Maybe the code could use more iterations but with lower per-iteration cost.

Alternatively, the code could use a different method for perturbation. For example, instead of adding random normal noise, using a more strategic perturbation. For instance, considering areas where the function is not optimized and making adjustments there.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize, but maybe using a different solver like 'L-BFGS-B' would be faster and more effective.

Wait, the 'L-BFGS-B' method is a gradient-based method that handles bounds. However, the objective function here is non-smooth because the correlation is the maximum over different k. The max function is not differentiable, so using a gradient-based method might be tricky. But maybe the objective function can be approximated in a way that allows for gradient-based optimization.

Alternatively, the current code uses the maximum of the correlations as the objective, which is the value we want to minimize. But during the optimization, the algorithm is trying to minimize this maximum. However, the objective is not differentiable, but the SLSQP method might handle it if the correlations are smooth. Alternatively, use a different approach where the objective is the maximum correlation, and use a solver that can handle non-smooth objectives.

But perhaps the main issue is that the current code is not exploring the search space thoroughly. Maybe using a different starting point or more exploration strategies.

Another idea is to use a different discretization. The previous code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values). But if the initial_h_values have a particular number of points, say 45, maybe trying with a different n_points (like 100) could lead to better results. However, increasing n_points would increase the computation time, so need to balance.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe the current approach is using n_points=45, which is acceptable.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, instead of using the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. But the previous code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point, which might be a good one.

Another thought: perhaps the correlation function is evaluated with the full mode of numpy.correlate, which returns the full convolution. But for the problem, the maximum k refers to shifts that can be anywhere. For example, the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx, but when x + k is outside [0, 2], the function h(x + k) would be zero (since it's defined over [0, 2] and extended periodically? Or not. Wait, the original problem is over [0, 2], but the integral is over x, so when x + k exceeds 2, then h(x +k) is considered as zero? Or is the function extended periodically? The problem statement doesn't specify, but the evaluation code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation, including values where the shift is such that x +k is outside [0, 2]. Wait, but the actual integral would integrate over x where both x and x +k are in [0, 2], so the integral is over x in [0, 2 -k] when k is positive. However, numpy.correlate with mode 'full' might not match that exactly. This could be a point of confusion. However, the user's code uses the numpy.correlate function, so perhaps it's designed to work with that.

But in the problem statement, the integral is over x in [0, 2], but for x+k to be within [0, 2], so the overlap integral for each k is the integral over x where x and x +k are within the interval. The code uses the full convolution, which may not exactly match this, but perhaps it's an approximation. This might be a source of error in the current code.

But given that the user provided this code, I need to work with the existing setup.

So, back to the problem. How to improve upon the previous code.

Maybe the main issue is that the optimization is not thorough enough. The previous code does 20 iterations with perturbations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations and/or using different perturbation strategies could help.

Another idea: instead of adding random perturbations, use a more systematic approach, like varying the h values in specific regions. For example, if the current h function has regions where it's too high or too low, adjusting those regions to reduce the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. For example, using the 'scipy.optimize.minimize' with different methods, such as 'SLSQP', 'L-BFGS-B', or 'COBYLA', and see which one performs better.

Let me think about the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So, the constraint is a single equality constraint. The bounds on each h[i] are between 0 and 1.

The objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, which can be computed as np.max(np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full')) * dx.

So, during optimization, this objective is a scalar that we aim to minimize.

Perhaps using a method that can better handle the non-smoothness of the objective. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with a higher number of iterations and tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with a different set of options. For example, using a higher maxiter and lower ftol to allow more precise convergence.

Another thing: the previous code uses a perturbation scale that varies between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe adjusting the perturbation scale over time, like starting with larger perturbations to escape local minima and then smaller ones to refine the solution.

But how to implement that? For example, in each iteration, the perturbation scale could be decreased, allowing for more targeted adjustments.

Additionally, the code could track the best solution found so far and use it as the initial guess for subsequent optimizations, which the current code does.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values might be suboptimal. Maybe generating a different starting point, such as a step function that is more evenly distributed. However, since the user provided the initial_h_values, and it's supposed to be used directly, I should not redefine it.

So, putting this all together, here's how I could improve the code:

1. Increase the number of iterations in the loop to allow for more exploration of the solution space.
2. Adjust the perturbation scale dynamically, starting with larger perturbations and then reducing them.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B', which might converge faster.
4. Increase the number of maximum iterations in the optimization to allow for better convergence.
5. Use a different approach for generating perturbations, such as using random steps that target specific regions.

Let's try to code this. For example, using a dynamic perturbation scale and a different optimization method. Also, using more iterations in the loop.

But considering the time constraints, it's important to keep the code efficient. So, increasing the number of iterations (say, 50 instead of 20) and using a smaller perturbation scale later.

Another possible change is to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is faster for large problems with bounds. However, since the objective isn't differentiable, it might not work well. But maybe the current code's objective is smooth enough.

Alternatively, using a different approach, like using a surrogate model or approximating the maximum. However, that's more complex.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, perhaps the maximum is determined by one particular value of k. If we can identify that k and optimize the h to minimize that particular correlation, it could help. But how to know which k it is?

Alternatively, during the optimization, track which k's contribute the most and focus on those. However, this requires additional computation.

In conclusion, the improvements to make are:

- Use a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B').
- Increase the number of iterations and vary perturbation scales.
- Use dynamic perturbation scales that decrease over time.
- Possibly use more aggressive perturbations early on and more refined ones later.

Let me sketch the code changes. The previous code uses 'SLSQP'. Changing to 'L-BFGS-B' might be better. The constraints are handled by the equality constraint. Also, the 'L-BFGS-B' method requires bounds, which we already have.

But the 'L-BFGS-B' method might not be suitable because the objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is a non-smooth function. However, if the maximum is smooth in the region around the current solution, it might work.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and better parameter settings.

In code, this would involve changing the optimize.minimize call to use 'L-BFGS-B', but I need to check if that's feasible. However, since the function is non-smooth, it's uncertain. Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method but with more options.

Another change: increasing the number of optimization iterations per perturbed guess. The current code uses maxiter=1000, which is already quite high. Maybe increasing it further isn't helpful.

Alternatively, using more aggressive perturbations at the beginning and smaller later.

So, in the code, the perturbation scale can be adjusted over time. For example, in the first few iterations, use larger perturbations, and then smaller ones.

Another idea: using a different initial guess, like creating a random starting point that satisfies the integral constraint. This could help escape local minima. However, since the initial_h_values are given, and the previous code uses them, this might not be necessary.

In the code, the initial_guess starts with initial_h_values, and then in each iteration, perturbations are added. This might not be sufficient. Maybe generating a different initial guess each time, but that could be time-consuming.

Alternatively, the code could try multiple different starting points, but this would require more resources.

In summary, the key changes to try are:

- Change the optimization method to L-BFGS-B.
- Adjust the perturbation scales dynamically.
- Increase the number of iterations.

But I need to implement these changes in the code.

Now, considering the time, I'll proceed to write the code with these modifications.

The code will:

- Use a dynamic perturbation scale that decreases over iterations.
- Use the L-BFGS-B method for optimization.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Track the best solution found so far.

But I need to check if these changes can be made within the code structure.

Another consideration is that the previous code uses 20 iterations, but maybe that's not enough. Let's increase it to, say, 50 iterations.

Also, the perturbation scale can start at 0.1 and decrease over time, for example, 0.1, 0.05, 0.02, etc.

Additionally, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds and constraints.

But since the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is non-smooth, the 'L-BFGS-B' might not work well, as it relies on gradient information. However, numpy's correlate might be smooth enough in the vicinity.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations and tighter tolerances.

Alternatively, using a combination of different optimization methods.

Another approach: using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients.

But again, the non-smoothness of the objective might be a challenge.

In conclusion, the most viable improvements are to:

1. Use a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA').
2. Increase the number of perturbation iterations.
3. Vary the perturbation scale over time.
4. Use more aggressive parameters in the optimization.

Let me proceed with these changes in the code.

The code would look like:

- Modify the optimization method.
- Change the perturbation scale dynamically.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Use better optimization parameters.

Now, implementing this in code.

But I need to make sure that the code doesn't exceed the time budget. So, the code must be efficient.

Another possible optimization: precompute the correlation values once and use them as the objective. However, the objective is already computed as part of the minimize function.

Finally, the code should return the best h_values, c5_bound, and n_points.

Putting it all together, here's the revised code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Parameters
    num_iterations = 50
    perturbation_scales = np.linspace(0.01, 0.001, num_iterations)
    
    for i in range(num_iterations):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Generate perturbation
        scale = perturbation_scales[i]
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        # Use L-BFGS-B for faster convergence and better handling of bounds
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```