<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My goal is to find a better solution. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the problem requires minimizing the maximum overlap integral, which is essentially the maximum correlation between h(x) and 1-h(x+k) over all shifts k. The current code uses a local search with SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

The previous approach uses perturbations and SLSQP. However, it might be getting stuck in local minima. Maybe I should consider different optimization methods or strategies. For example, maybe genetic algorithms or other population-based methods could explore the search space more effectively, but they might be too slow given the time budget. Alternatively, could I use a different optimization strategy, like coordinate descent or simulated annealing, which might be more efficient?

Wait, the current code uses a fixed number of iterations and perturbations. Perhaps varying the perturbation strategies, or using more sophisticated optimization techniques, could help. Also, maybe the initial guess is not the best starting point. The user mentioned that using different starting points could prevent getting stuck in local optima. But how to generate better starting points?

Another thought: the problem is similar to optimal design of functions with certain constraints. The overlap integral depends on the function's structure. Maybe there's a pattern or symmetry that can be exploited. For example, maybe the optimal h(x) has a periodic or piecewise constant structure. If I can find such a structure, I could construct h_values accordingly.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more mathematical approach. For example, the overlap integral for a given h is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as integrating over x and k, but maybe there's a clever way to model this with Fourier analysis or other harmonic techniques?

Wait, but the user is advising me to focus on numerical optimization, so maybe I should stick to that. However, the previous code might not be efficient enough. Let me think about the constraints again.

The constraints are that h is a step function with integral 1 over [0, 2], and h(x) in [0,1]. The evaluation uses the correlation between h and 1 - h, which is equivalent to the convolution (but with full mode). The maximum value of this correlation is what we need to minimize.

An alternative approach could be to use gradient-based optimization but with better convergence. But the previous code already uses SLSQP. However, the problem is that the objective is non-convex, so we need to find a good local minimum. Maybe using multiple starting points or using a global optimization method could help. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, a global method might be too slow.

Another idea: maybe the current optimization is too slow. The previous code uses a loop over 20 iterations with SLSQP, but each iteration is time-consuming. Maybe using a different optimization algorithm, like Nelder-Mead (Simplex) which might be faster, or using a more efficient method with better handling of constraints?

Wait, the code uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations but using more aggressive perturbations or different starting points could help. Alternatively, could I use a different initialization strategy, like a random guess or a better heuristic?

Alternatively, maybe applying some kind of iterative refinement. For example, first optimize the function for a certain shift, then adjust for other shifts. But how to structure that?

Another angle: the current implementation uses np.correlate, which might be computationally intensive. But for the given n_points, perhaps there's a way to vectorize the computation or use more efficient code. However, the code is already using numpy operations, so maybe that's not the main issue.

Wait, the problem is that the previous code might be stuck in a local minimum. To avoid that, perhaps using a population-based approach like genetic algorithms could be beneficial. Let me consider that. But with the time constraints, it's crucial that the code runs efficiently.

Alternatively, perhaps combining the initial guess with some pattern. For example, if the initial_h_values are based on some known structure, maybe I can perturb that structure in a way that better balances the overlap.

But I need to generate a new starting point. Let me think about possible structures. For example, maybe splitting the interval [0, 2] into segments where h(x) is 0 or 1, but that's not allowed since h(x) must be in [0,1], but can be stepped. However, the problem allows step functions, which are piecewise constant. Maybe using a combination of intervals where the function is high or low in a way that minimizes overlap for multiple shifts.

Alternatively, maybe using a more periodic pattern. For instance, arranging the steps in a way that they don't align with shifts that would maximize the overlap. But how to translate that into code?

Alternatively, trying to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might be suboptimal. Maybe generating a random initial guess with sum n_points/2 would help, but that's risky since it might not converge well. However, maybe combining the initial guess with a random one could help?

Wait, the user said that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So I can't change that, but I can use it as a starting point and perturb it.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed perturbation scale. Maybe varying the perturbation scale over time, or using different methods for different phases of the optimization. For example, starting with larger perturbations to escape local minima, then smaller ones for fine-tuning.

Also, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, using COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might have better performance. Let me check the scipy.optimize options.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. Maybe using a different method, like BFGS, but with constraints? But constrained optimization might require specific methods.

Alternatively, using a more efficient algorithm. For example, could there be a way to approximate the problem with a convex relaxation? Not sure, as the problem is non-convex.

Another idea: instead of optimizing for the maximum of the correlations, could we optimize for each shift individually? That seems complex, but maybe using a multi-objective approach. However, the maximum over all shifts is what we need to minimize.

Alternatively, can we find a way to transform the problem into something easier? For example, since we are dealing with integrals over shifts, maybe there's a way to model this with wavelets or other basis functions, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the integral for each shift k can be thought of as a convolution. The maximum of the convolution between h and 1 - h over all k. So perhaps, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of this convolution. Maybe using Fourier transforms, since convolution in time domain is multiplication in frequency domain. However, the maximum of the convolution is not straightforward to compute via Fourier analysis, but maybe there's a way to model it.

But since this is a numerical problem, perhaps the Fourier approach isn't directly applicable. However, for the purpose of generating a better starting guess, maybe analyzing the Fourier components could help. For instance, designing h to have certain frequencies that minimize the overlap.

But again, without being able to do that, maybe it's better to proceed with numerical methods.

Another observation: the current code's objective function is the maximum value of the correlation, which is a non-smooth function. The maximum can be a sharp peak, so the gradient might be tricky. Using SLSQP might not be the best method here, as it relies on gradient-based approaches. Maybe using a method that doesn't require gradients, like Nelder-Mead, but with constraints, which is possible with scipy's optimize.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which requires gradients. If I can approximate the gradient, or switch to a derivative-free method, maybe that could help. However, the current implementation uses the objective function as the max of the correlation, which is the value we need to minimize. The gradient of this max function would be the derivative of the correlation at the k where the max occurs. But calculating that is non-trivial.

Alternatively, could I use a surrogate model that approximates the max correlation and uses optimization methods that don't require gradients? Not sure.

Another thought: the previous code runs for a fixed number of iterations (20) with perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the perturbation parameters could lead to a better solution. Also, using a more aggressive initial search space.

Wait, the code uses a loop over 20 iterations, each time perturbing the initial guess. But maybe instead of perturbing the initial guess, I could use a multi-start approach where multiple different initial guesses are tried, and the best one is kept. However, this would require generating multiple initial guesses, which might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, I can use the initial guess as the starting point and then apply multiple optimization steps with different perturbations, but varying the perturbation strength over time. For example, start with larger perturbations to explore the space, then smaller ones to refine.

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method for each iteration. For example, first using a global method like differential evolution, then switching to a local method once a good solution is found.

But with the time budget, I need to make sure that the code runs within 100 seconds. Let's think about computational complexity.

In the previous code, for each iteration, it runs an optimize.minimize call, which is O(n_points) per iteration. For 20 iterations, that's O(20 * n_points). If n_points is around 45, then 20 * 45 = 900 operations, which is manageable. But maybe the actual time depends on the method's efficiency.

Wait, the main issue is that the previous code might not converge to a good enough solution. So perhaps using a more effective optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space and avoiding local minima.

Let me think about the trade-offs. Differential evolution (DE) is a population-based method that's good for global optimization, but it's more computationally intensive per iteration. However, perhaps with a limited number of iterations, it might find a better solution than the current SLSQP approach.

But given the time constraints, maybe a combination of methods would be best. For example, start with a few DE iterations to find a good initial guess, then use SLSQP to refine it.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where I run a few steps of differential evolution and then switch to SLSQP for local optimization.

However, I need to write code that can fit within the 100-second budget. Let me consider the code structure.

The previous code's structure is:

- Use an initial guess.
- For each iteration:
   - Perturb the initial guess.
   - Run SLSQP optimization from the perturbed guess.
   - Keep the best result.

Perhaps this is not efficient enough, and a DE approach could be better.

So, let me outline a new plan:

1. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as differential evolution, which can explore the search space more broadly.
2. Use a constrained optimization approach, ensuring that the sum of h is fixed.
3. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate a few other starting points to avoid local minima.
4. Implement the DE approach with a limited number of iterations, while monitoring the time budget.
5. After finding a good candidate, refine it with a local optimization method (like SLSQP) to improve the result.

However, implementing differential evolution with constraints requires careful handling, as DE is typically used for unconstrained problems. To handle the constraints, I can use the scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function, which allows for bounds and constraints.

Wait, scipy.optimize.differential_evolution can handle bounds, but the sum constraint needs to be incorporated. How?

One approach is to use the sum constraint as an equality constraint. However, differential evolution can be modified to handle equality constraints by penalizing the objective function. But that might complicate the optimization process.

Alternatively, since the sum constraint is linear, maybe we can reparameterize the problem. For example, if I fix the sum by normalizing the values. Because the constraint is that sum(h) = n_points / 2, I can use an unconstrained optimization where the variables are allowed to be between 0 and 1, and then enforce the sum constraint by adjusting the variables. However, differential evolution doesn't handle equality constraints directly.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, we can enforce the constraint by adjusting the variables. For example, after each mutation and crossover, we can adjust the sum of the variables to meet the required value. This could be done by normalizing the variables, but this introduces non-smoothness, which may affect the optimization.

Alternatively, I can use the fact that the sum constraint is linear and modify the variables to satisfy it. For instance, we can define variables as h, and after any step, compute the current sum and adjust the variables to meet the required sum. This would require careful handling to maintain the bounds.

But this could become computationally expensive. Alternatively, perhaps the user is okay with a small approximation, as long as the sum is close to the required value. However, the problem requires that the sum is exactly n_points / 2. So this approach may not be reliable.

Given these challenges, perhaps using a different strategy. Let's consider that the sum is fixed. So, the problem can be viewed as optimizing h with bounds and an equality constraint. For this, using SLSQP with a few iterations might be better, especially with a good initial guess.

But the previous code uses a perturbative approach. Maybe we can enhance that by introducing more diverse starting points or using different optimization parameters.

Another idea: Instead of using the same initial guess for all iterations, introduce a more systematic way to perturb the initial guess. For example, using a random walk with varying step sizes, or using different perturbations for each iteration.

Alternatively, use a more complex perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to certain parts of the function where overlaps might be higher. But without knowing which parts are problematic, this is speculative.

Alternatively, can we use the fact that the maximum overlap corresponds to certain shifts? For example, the worst overlap occurs when the shift is such that h(x) and 1 - h(x +k) align in a way that their product is maximized. If I can identify the shifts k that are most critical and focus the optimization on those, maybe that would help. However, this requires knowing which shifts are most problematic, which is what we're trying to find.

Another thought: maybe the maximum overlap integral for all shifts is dominated by a specific shift. If I can find that shift and optimize for it, that could reduce the overall maximum. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap and try to minimize that particular value. However, this approach may not consider other shifts, leading to a higher overall maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum is achieved for k=0.5, or some other value. But without prior knowledge, this is hard to determine.

Let me think about the current code's structure. It uses SLSQP with a constraint sum and a bounds. The objective is the max of the correlation. However, the max function makes the objective non-differentiable. SLSQP might struggle with that, but it's possible that the code is working around it by evaluating the max each time.

But maybe the previous code's issue is that it's not exploring the parameter space sufficiently. Perhaps adding more iterations or varying the perturbation strength could help. Let me check the previous code's parameters:

- For each of 20 iterations, perturbs the initial guess with a normal distribution scaled by 0.01-0.05 and clips it between 0 and 1.
- Runs SLSQP with maxiter=1000, ftol=1e-10, eps=1e-9.

This might be too computationally intensive and not efficient. Maybe using a lower maxiter or adjusting the tolerance could help.

Another idea: instead of running SLSQP with so many iterations each time, maybe use a more aggressive method, like Nelder-Mead, which requires fewer iterations but is derivative-free. However, Nelder-Mead can be slow and may not handle constraints well. But with the sum constraint, perhaps we can use a method that handles constraints.

Alternatively, use the constraints as a penalty in the objective function. For example, compute the sum constraint as part of the objective, but this could complicate things.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method, like Basin Hopping, which is a global optimization technique that combines local optimization with random perturbations. This might be more effective in finding the global minimum.

But I'm not sure if Basin Hopping can handle constraints. However, the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints, so perhaps it's better to stick with that.

Another angle: the current code might be getting stuck in a local minimum. Maybe using a better starting guess would help. For example, generating a different initial guess that's not based on the provided initial_h_values. However, the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, it should be used directly. So I can't change that, but I can perturb it in various ways.

Wait, the previous code uses the initial guess and then perturbs it. However, perhaps the problem is that the perturbations are too small or not varied enough. For example, the perturbation scale is between 0.01 and 0.05, leading to small changes. Maybe increasing the perturbation scale initially and then decreasing it could help explore the parameter space better.

Another idea: run multiple independent optimization runs from different starting points, then select the best result. However, this would require generating those starting points, which might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, use a combination of the initial guess and some random perturbations. For example, in each iteration, take the current best guess and perturb it in a different way (like adding noise to certain regions or flipping a few bits).

But how to implement that?

Perhaps, instead of using a uniform perturbation, create different types of perturbations, like adding noise to certain segments of the function, or making random changes to a subset of the h values.

But I need to think about how to code this efficiently.

Alternatively, use a genetic algorithm approach, where each individual is a possible h_values array, and the fitness is the C₅ value. The algorithm would evolve the population over generations, selecting better individuals. However, with the time budget, this might be feasible if the code is optimized.

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be too time-consuming, and I need to make sure it fits within the 100-second limit. Let's think: for a genetic algorithm, the steps would be:

1. Initialize a population of random h_values (satisfying the sum constraint).
2. Evaluate the fitness (C₅) for each individual.
3. Select the best individuals for the next generation.
4. Apply crossover and mutation to generate new individuals.
5. Repeat until a stopping criterion is met (e.g., time limit or convergence).

This could be effective, but the evaluation of C₅ for each individual is costly. However, with the given n_points being small (like 45), the computation per individual may be manageable.

But integrating this into the code in a way that's efficient and fits within the time budget requires careful coding. Given that the code has to be written quickly, perhaps this is a feasible direction.

Alternatively, let's consider that the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps the solution is to use a better starting guess. For example, maybe there's a way to construct h_values that has a better initial C₅ value than the provided initial_h_values. If I can find such a construction, then the optimization might proceed more effectively.

But how to construct a better starting guess. Perhaps by splitting the interval [0, 2] into several regions, assigning h(x) to be 1 or 0 in a way that balances the overlap for various shifts. For example, if the function is periodic with a certain period, which might minimize the maximum overlap.

Suppose we divide the interval [0, 2] into m equal parts, and set h(x) = 1 in some parts and 0 in others, with the sum of the areas being 1. For example, if we take m=3, then each segment has length 2/3. Assign h(x) = 1 in the first segment and 0 in the others, but that would give a sum of 1*(2/3) = 2/3, which is more than 1. So not helpful.

Alternatively, assign h(x) to be 1 in some parts and 0 in others, with the sum of the areas being 1. For example, using two evenly spaced segments. For example, h(x) = 1 for x in [a, b] and 0 elsewhere. Then, the sum is (b - a) = 1. But since the interval is [0, 2], then (b - a) = 1, so a + (b -a) = b = 1 + a, but this needs to fit within [0,2]. For example, a=0.5, b=1.5, giving area 1. Then the function is 1 on [0.5, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere. Let's compute the C₅ for this.

For any shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For this function, h(x) is 1 on [0.5, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere. Let's consider different k.

For k=0. For overlap integral: h(x) * (1 - h(x)) dx is 0 for all x, since h(x) is 0 or 1. So the integral is 0. But that's the worst-case? Wait, no. The maximum is over k. For example, when k=0.5, then h(x +k) is 1 for x+0.5 in [0.5, 1.5], i.e., x in [0,1]. So for x in [0,1], h(x) is 0. So 0 * (1 - h(x +k)) = 0. Wait, perhaps I need to re-calculate.

Actually, h(x) = 1 when x ∈ [0.5, 1.5]. For a shift k=0.5, the function h(x +k) is 1 when x +k ∈ [0.5, 1.5], i.e., x ∈ [0, 1]. So h(x) is 1 for x in [0.5,1.5], and h(x +k) is 1 for x in [0,1]. The overlap integral is integral over x of h(x)*(1 - h(x +k)) dx.

So the integral is the integral over x where h(x) is 1, and h(x +k) is 0. So when x is in [0.5,1.5], but x +k is not in [0.5,1.5]. For k=0.5, x +k = x +0.5.

So for x in [0,0.5): x +k is [0.5,1.0). So h(x) is 0 (since x < 0.5) and h(x +k) is 1 (x in [0,0.5) leads to x +k in [0.5,1.0)), so (1 - h(x +k)) is 0. So the contribution is 0.

For x in [0.5,1.0): x is in [0.5,1.0), so h(x) =1. x +k = x +0.5 ∈ [1.0, 1.5). So h(x +k) =1, so (1 - h(x +k)) =0. So contribution is 0.

For x in [1.0,1.5): x is in [1.0,1.5), so h(x)=1. x +k = x +0.5 ∈ [1.5, 2.0). So h(x +k) is 0, hence (1 - h(x +k)) =1. So the contribution is 1 * 1 dx = length = 0.5 (from x=1.0 to 1.5). So total integral is 0.5 * dx (dx is 2/45= 0.0444...), but wait no, the integral is over [0,2], but the dx is 2/n_points. However, in this case, the length is 0.5, and the product with dx would be 0.5 * dx. Wait, no, the integral is calculated as the sum over intervals times dx. Or is it?

Actually, the previous code uses np.correlate with mode='full', which for h and 1 - h gives the correlation at lags where the shifts are applied. For the function h being 1 in [0.5,1.5] and 0 elsewhere, the correlation would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx over x, but the way np.correlate computes it includes all possible lags. For example, for a shift k, the correlation is sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)), but in the code, dx is 2/n_points, which would multiply each term.

But the current example's overlap integral would depend on the shift k. For k=0.5, the overlap is 0.5 * dx. But I'm not sure what the maximum is here. However, this example's C₅ could be higher than the current best. So this isn't helpful.

This suggests that constructing a good starting point is tricky. Perhaps the initial_h_values provided by the user is already a good candidate, and the previous optimization approach isn't sufficient. So maybe the way to improve is to refine the optimization process.

Let me think about changing the optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with a different set of parameters, or switching to a different method. Maybe the current setup is too slow, and with more aggressive settings (like fewer iterations but more precise), we can find a better solution.

Alternatively, perhaps the previous code's problem is that it only perturbs the initial guess in a small manner, leading to a limited exploration of the search space. To address this, perhaps I should use a different strategy for generating perturbations, such as mixing different types of perturbations or using a larger initial perturbation scale.

Let me modify the previous code's perturbation strategy. Instead of adding normal noise scaled by 0.01-0.05, perhaps generate random permutations or switch some of the h values between 0 and 1. For example, randomly flipping a few samples could lead to more significant changes.

Another idea: use a local search with the initial guess, and for each iteration, run a local optimization with a different random starting point. This could help escape local minima.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients. Let's consider switching to that.

The Nelder-Mead method might be faster than SLSQP and could avoid getting stuck in local minima. But it doesn't handle constraints directly, so I'd need to incorporate the constraint into the objective function as a penalty. For example, penalize the objective when the sum of h is not equal to the required value.

So, in the objective function, I could add a penalty term for the sum constraint. For example:

objective = max_correlation + λ * |sum(h) - target_sum|

Then, during optimization, the algorithm would try to minimize the max_correlation while keeping the sum close to the target. This would allow using the Nelder-Mead method, which doesn't require gradients.

But λ would need to be chosen carefully to avoid overshadowing the max_correlation term. Perhaps setting it to a high value initially and then adjusting as needed.

However, with the time constraints, this might be manageable.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which is good for expensive objective functions. But again, with the code needing to be concise and efficient, this might be more complex.

Another idea: use a multi-objective optimization, where the goals are to minimize the max correlation and maintain the sum constraint. But without a clear way to handle this, it might complicate things.

Let me go back to the code and see if I can make improvements there.

In the previous code, the function `objective` computes the maximum of the correlation. However, the max is computed for each h, which is a single value. This is correct, but the optimization is trying to minimize this value. The current code uses the SLSQP method with bounds and an equality constraint for the sum.

Maybe increasing the number of iterations or allowing the optimization to run longer could lead to a better result. But with the time budget, it's important to not exceed it.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer. Let's try switching to the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bounded problems and handles constraints. COBYLA is also derivative-free, which might be more robust.

Let me try rewriting the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, and see if that improves the results.

Another thing: the current code uses a loop of 20 iterations, each with a new perturbed guess. But perhaps it's more efficient to run more iterations but with a smaller number of SLSQP steps. For example, reduce the maxiter in the optimization to 100, and increase the number of iterations.

Alternatively, use more aggressive perturbations and fewer SLSQP steps.

I think the key is to enhance the optimization process by trying different methods and parameters. Given time constraints, the most feasible improvement would be to switch to a more efficient optimizer, like COBYLA, and adjust the perturbation strategy to explore the space more effectively.

So, here's a revised plan for the code:

- Use COBYLA method in scipy.optimize.minimize, which handles bounds and constraints.
- Use the initial guess (initial_h_values) and perturb it in different ways.
- Vary the perturbation scale over time, starting with larger scales and reducing them.
- Increase the number of iterations or adjust the optimization parameters for better convergence.

But since the code must be concise, I need to implement this within the existing structure.

Another idea: instead of using the initial guess for all iterations, generate multiple random starting points, optimizing each one with COBYLA, and then selecting the best result.

But again, the time budget is limited, so this needs to be done efficiently.

Putting all this together, I'll modify the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP, and adjust the perturbation parameters to explore the space more effectively. Also, I'll increase the number of iterations and/or adjust the perturbation scale to better find a good solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h_initial = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = h_initial.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Use COBYLA for constrained optimization
    for _ in range(30):  # More iterations for exploration
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Generate diverse starting points
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(h_initial + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'disp': False, 'maxiter': 100}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                h_initial = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```