<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by finding a better h function. The current best is 0.38085, and our goal is to get lower than that, like 0.380876. 

The previous code uses a hill-climbing approach with SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's room for improvement. Let me think about what could be wrong with that approach. 

First, the initial guess is based on the initial_h_values. But if that's a local minimum, maybe we should try different starting points. Also, the optimization method used (SLSQP) might not be the best here. What if we use a different optimization technique, like genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization? Or maybe use a different method for handling the constraints?

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation. The current code uses a perturbation-based approach, but maybe it's too local. Maybe we can use a more global search method, especially since the time budget is limited. However, with the time constraint of 100 seconds, even a straightforward approach might be too slow. 

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different strategy for the h function. The current approach samples h as a step function. What if we use a more structured pattern? For example, maybe using a periodic function with certain properties. Or maybe dividing the interval into regions where h is 0 or 1, and optimizing the spacing between them.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So the average of h is 0.5. So maybe the optimal h is a step function that has equal parts of 0 and 1, but arranged in a way that minimizes the maximum overlap.

Alternatively, maybe using a ternary or quaternary structure, where the function takes on more than two values. But since the problem allows h to be a step function (with finite samples), maybe using more samples in certain regions could help.

Wait, the current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values), which is 45. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe trying with fewer points could be better. But the initial code uses 45 samples. However, maybe using a different number of points would be better. For example, maybe using a power of two, like 32 or 64, would allow for more efficient optimization.

But the initial_h_values might have a specific structure. Let me think: perhaps using a more uniform distribution pattern. For example, placing the ones and zeros in such a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. 

Another idea: the overlap integral is the maximum over all shifts k. So for each k, we need to compute the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)), which is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x) * h(x + k). But since the sum over x would be 1, maybe we can think of this as minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation.

In the previous approach, they used a perturbation method. But maybe using a different starting point, like a more balanced configuration, could lead to better results. For example, starting with a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that spreads out the 1s and 0s.

Wait, maybe using a periodic function with a certain period. For instance, if the function is a periodic step function with certain frequencies, perhaps that could help. But with the samples, it's a bit tricky to model. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a more even distribution of the 1s and 0s. For example, if the function is like a square wave with a certain duty cycle. But since the integral is fixed at 1, the duty cycle would be 0.5 (since the length is 2). So perhaps the function is a square wave with period 2, but that would have h(x) alternating between 0 and 1 every 1 unit. However, that might not be optimal because shifting by 0.5 would cause overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe a more complex pattern. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1, but with varying intervals. Like, some regions are 1s and others are 0s, arranged such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Wait, but how to model that with a step function? Maybe using a greedy approach where we divide the interval into segments and assign values to them. However, this seems complex for a code that needs to run in 100 seconds.

Another thought: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum over all k, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem, but I'm not sure. The objective is non-convex because it's the maximum of several convex functions. So optimization might be challenging.

Hmm. Let's consider the previous code's approach. It starts with a given initial guess, then does 20 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Each time, it tries to perturb the current best solution and optimize. But maybe this approach is too local, and it's stuck in a local minimum. 

What if we start with multiple different initial guesses? For example, generating several different starting points with different structures. But generating them might be time-consuming. Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but with the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2. 

Another idea: instead of using the same number of points, maybe test with a smaller number of points. The problem says that smaller sequences are preferred. For example, using 32 points instead of 45. But the initial_h_values may not be available for that case, so maybe we need to generate an initial guess on our own. 

Alternatively, perhaps the current initial guess is not the best, and we could generate a better one. For example, a function that evenly distributes the 1s and 0s. Let me think: for n_points samples, the sum must be n_points / 2. So if n_points is even, we can have exactly half 0s and half 1s. But for odd n_points, like 45, it would be 22 or 23. 

Wait, the initial_h_values provided is for 45 points. So the sum is 45 / 2 = 22.5. So the initial guess has sum 22.5. 

Maybe the initial guess is a step function that has some pattern, like alternating 1 and 0. For example, the initial guess could be something like [1, 0, 1, 0, ...], but with some variation. 

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not the best possible, so generating a better initial guess could lead to better optimization. 

But maybe the previous code is already trying to perturb the initial guess. Perhaps the main issue is that it's using SLSQP with a limited number of iterations. Maybe using a different optimization method, such as genetic algorithms or particle swarm optimization, could be more effective. But since the user's code uses scipy and allows using different solvers, perhaps using another method would be better. 

Wait, the user's code uses 'SLSQP' as the optimization method. What if I try using a different method, like 'Nelder-Mead' or 'COBYLA'? Or perhaps a combination of methods. 

Alternatively, since the problem is a minimization problem with constraints, perhaps using a genetic algorithm approach would be better, as it can explore the solution space more globally. But implementing a genetic algorithm within the given time constraints might be challenging. 

Another thought: the current code uses a loop of 20 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help, but that would take more time. 

Alternatively, what if we use a different strategy for the initial guess? For example, instead of the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. Let me think: generating a random binary array with exactly n_points/2 ones and zeros, but with n_points even. Wait, for n_points even, that's possible. For example, for n_points = 45, which is odd, we can have 22 or 23 ones. 

But the initial_h_values might be a better starting point. So maybe the previous code's approach is okay, but maybe we can tweak the hyperparameters. For example, adjusting the perturbation scale. 

Wait, in the previous code, the perturb_scale is chosen uniformly between 0.01 and 0.15. Maybe adjusting this range could help. For example, using smaller perturbations for more precise optimization, but that might not be effective. 

Alternatively, maybe instead of perturbing the initial_guess each time, we should perturb the best_h found so far. But the code already does that. 

Another idea: the constraints are handled with an equality constraint. But perhaps the optimization can be more effectively done by using more constraints. For example, maybe adding bounds to the function values, but that's already handled by the bounds parameter. 

Hmm. Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. For example, instead of the maximum, could we use a different form that's easier to optimize? But the problem requires minimizing the maximum, which is the same as the given objective. 

Another possible approach: since the integral is computed as the maximum over k of the cross-correlation, perhaps for a given h, the maximum occurs at certain k values. Maybe the optimal h is designed such that all these k's are minimized. 

But how to find that? Maybe the current code is sufficient but needs tweaking. 

Another idea: the current code uses 'SLSQP' with a limited number of iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the options could lead to better results. For example, increasing 'maxiter' to a higher value. However, the time is limited, so there's a trade-off between the number of iterations and the time spent per iteration. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using 'L-BFGS-B' which is suitable for bounded problems. But again, without testing, it's hard to tell. 

Alternatively, maybe using a hybrid approach, like using an initial SLSQP optimization and then applying a local search. 

But given that the user's code is already using SLSQP, perhaps the main issue is that the initial guess is not good enough. So maybe generating a better initial guess. 

For example, if the initial guess is a very structured pattern, perhaps a periodic function. For instance, alternating between 0 and 1, but with some spacing. 

But how to model that. Let me think: if n_points is even, say 44, then we can have exactly 22 ones and 22 zeros, evenly spaced. For example, h[i] = 1 if i is even, 0 otherwise. But for n_points=45, it would have 22 or 23. 

But that's a very basic pattern. However, this might not be the optimal, but it could be a starting point. 

But the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, and we should not redefine it. So if the initial_h_values is available, we need to use it. But the user's code starts from that. 

So maybe the previous code is not the best, but we can try modifying it. 

Another thought: the current code does 20 iterations, but maybe doing more iterations would help. However, the user's code has a time budget of 100 seconds. If each iteration takes 5 seconds, 20 iterations would take 100 seconds. But if each iteration can be optimized, maybe more iterations could be done. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different method for generating perturbations. For example, instead of perturbing the entire array, we could generate a new random initial guess each time. 

Alternatively, using a random restart approach. For example, after some iterations, generate a new random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint, and optimize from there. 

Another idea: the current objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. But when optimizing, maybe we can use a different formulation. For example, minimize the maximum by penalizing the largest value. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different solver. For example, using 'SLSQP' with tighter tolerances. 

Alternatively, using a different approach for the problem. For example, instead of optimizing over the step function, maybe approximating the optimal function using Fourier analysis. But that's more theoretical. 

Alternatively, since the problem is related to the Erdős problem, which is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe there's some known structure or pattern that can be used here. 

But I'm not familiar with the exact literature on this. 

Another possibility: the current code's initial guess might not be the optimal one. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, but a better pattern exists. However, without knowing the initial_h_values' structure, it's hard to say. 

But the user's code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point. So if the initial_h_values is not optimal, maybe starting from a different pattern would help. 

Hmm. Maybe the key is to generate a better initial guess. For example, if the initial guess isn't optimal, but using a better initial guess could lead to a better result. 

But the user's code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided as a global variable. So maybe the code should use that. 

Alternatively, maybe we can generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. 

So here's an idea: instead of starting with the initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess with the correct sum. For example, create a random array with the required number of 0s and 1s, and then perform optimization from there. 

But how to generate that. For example, if the number of points is even, we can have exactly half 0s and 1s. If it's odd, we can have floor(n_points/2) and ceil(n_points/2). 

But this would require generating a random permutation of ones and zeros. For example, using np.random.permutation. 

But the problem is that the initial_h_values might be a better starting point. However, if the initial_h_values is a local minima, then generating a random initial guess might escape it. 

So perhaps the code could try multiple starting points. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and also with random initial guesses. 

But given the time constraints, trying multiple initial points may not be feasible. 

Another thought: maybe the problem is better tackled with a different optimization strategy. For example, using a genetic algorithm. 

Let me think about that. In a genetic algorithm, we can represent the solution as a binary array (with 0s and 1s) that satisfies the sum constraint, then evolve the population by selection, crossover, and mutation. However, since the problem allows h to be any real numbers between 0 and 1, not just binary, this might not be directly applicable. 

Alternatively, maybe the optimal h has certain regions that are either 0 or 1, and transitions between them. So perhaps the function is a step function, and the optimal solution is to find the best arrangement of the steps. 

But again, how to model that in code. 

Back to the previous code. Let me consider what can be altered. The previous code uses SLSQP with a perturbation approach. Maybe we can experiment with different hyperparameters, such as the number of iterations, the perturbation scale, or the optimization method. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different form of perturbation. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise to the entire array, we could randomly flip some elements between 0 and 1, or adjust them in a way that preserves the sum. 

Another idea: when perturbing the guess, we could ensure that the sum remains the same. For example, when adding perturbations, adjusting some elements and compensating for the sum. But the code currently uses a clip operation to ensure that values are between 0 and 1, but not necessarily preserving the sum. However, the sum is enforced via the constraint in the optimization. 

But during the perturbation, if the sum is slightly off, the optimization will correct it. However, the initial guess for the optimization is slightly perturbed, which might lead to a better solution. 

But maybe the current code could be adjusted to use a different starting point, such as a more optimal initial guess. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different method for the optimization. For example, using the 'BFGS' method or another method. 

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses a loop for 20 iterations, each time generating a perturbed guess and optimizing. The best solution is updated. 

But maybe instead of fixing the number of iterations, we can track time and stop when the budget is exhausted. 

Another idea: use the current solution as the starting point for each iteration. For example, instead of always starting from the initial_guess, use the best_h found so far as the starting point for the next iteration. 

Wait, the current code does that: the 'initial_guess' is updated to 'best_h' after each successful optimization. So each iteration starts from the best solution found so far. 

But perhaps, instead of using perturbed guesses, we could generate a new random solution each time. 

Alternatively, perhaps a better approach is to use a more global search method. 

But given the time constraints, it's hard to implement a more complex algorithm. So maybe the best approach is to refine the current code. 

Let me think about possible improvements. 

First, the current code uses a fixed perturbation scale. Maybe varying the perturbation scale could help. For example, starting with larger perturbations and then decreasing. 

Second, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using 'COBYLA' which doesn't require gradients. 

Third, increasing the number of iterations. For example, instead of 20, do 50, while monitoring the time. 

Fourth, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, generating a more uniform distribution of 1s and 0s. 

Let me try to adjust the code accordingly. 

For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values. If that's not the best, maybe generating a random initial guess. But since the code is supposed to use the initial_h_values if it's available, which it is, then the previous code is using that. 

But what if, for the random initial guess, we use a more optimal structure? For example, creating a function that alternates between 0 and 1 as much as possible. 

But how to create such a function. For example, for n_points samples, creating an array where every other element is 0 and 1, with the sum being half. 

For example, if n_points is 45, then we can have 22 ones and 23 zeros. So the array would start with 1, 0, 1, 0, ..., and so on. 

This would be a simple initial guess. Let's see: the sum would be around 22.5, which is correct. 

But how to generate this in code. Well, the initial guess can be generated as follows:

initial_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
for i in range(n_points):
    if i % 2 == 0:
        initial_guess[i] = 1.0
    else:
        initial_guess[i] = 0.0
# Adjust the last element if necessary to make the sum correct

Wait, for n_points even, this would give exactly half 1s and 0s. For odd, it would have more 0s. But the sum would be exactly (n_points // 2) + (n_points % 2) * 0.5. 

But the required sum is n_points / 2. For example, if n_points is 45, then the sum would be 22.5. The code above would give sum 22.5, because for odd n_points, the number of 1s is 22 (since for 45 elements, every even index is 1, which is 23 elements if the indices are from 0 to 44). Wait, if n_points is 45, then indices are 0 to 44 (inclusive). The number of even indices is 23 (since 45 is odd). So the sum would be 23, which is more than required. So this approach isn't correct. 

Hmm. So to create a more balanced array, we need to alternate 1 and 0, but perhaps adjust some positions. For example, for even n_points: 0, 1, 0, 1,... But for odd n_points, we need to balance it. 

Alternatively, create an array where the first half is 1s and the second half is 0s. But that would lead to higher overlapping. 

Alternatively, distribute the 1s and 0s evenly. For example, for n_points=45, have 22 ones and 23 zeros, spaced out uniformly. 

But how to generate that in code. One way is to randomly shuffle the array with 22 1s and 23 0s. 

But the initial_h_values may already be a better starting point. 

So perhaps, to create a better initial guess, we need to consider generating a more optimal pattern. But without knowing the initial_h_values' structure, it's hard to say. 

Let me think about the previous code's objective function. The evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full'. The maximum of this is then multiplied by dx. 

So the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). 

For an optimal h, this maximum is minimized. 

An alternative approach could be to estimate the maximum for different shift ranges, and optimize for those. But that's again a heuristic. 

Another idea: since the function is periodic with period 2, the shifts k can be considered modulo 2. So perhaps the maximum occurs at k = 0.5, 1.0, etc. 

But this is not necessarily true, as the function h is a step function with finite samples. 

Hmm. Given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to refine the previous code. For example, adjusting the perturbation scale, using a different optimization method, and increasing the number of iterations. 

So, here's what I'll try: 

1. Modify the perturbation scale to use a smaller range, like 0.05 to 0.1, to allow more precise adjustments.
2. Change the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is suitable for bounded problems and might converge faster.
3. Increase the number of iterations to 50, to allow more exploration.
4. Use a different initial guess, generated by a more even distribution of 1s and 0s, perhaps by randomly shuffling a balanced array.

Additionally, I'll track the time and stop if it exceeds the budget. 

But if the initial_h_values is available, we need to use it. 

So the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perturb it with smaller steps and optimize using L-BFGS-B.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Track time and terminate early if needed.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the best parameters. But that's more complex. 

Finally, I need to write the code that implements these changes. Let's proceed with the code.

The code will need to:

- Import necessary libraries.
- Define the run function.
- Use the initial_h_values as the starting guess.
- Generate perturbations.
- Optimize using a different method.
- Track time and stop when the budget is reached.

So the code might look like this. I'll adjust the previous code to use L-BFGS-B, maybe change the perturb scale, and increase iterations.

Another thing to consider: the constraints in the optimization. The sum constraint is handled via the equality constraint. But during the optimization, the bounds are set to 0 and 1. 

So the code would adjust these parameters. 

Let me write the code step by step.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    iterations = 0
    
    for _ in range(100):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.02, 0.08)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 50,
                'ftol': 1e-9,
                'eps': 1e-8,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
            iterations += 1
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```