<think>
Okay, so I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower, like 0.380876. The user provided a previous code that uses a seed and a starting point, then perturbs and optimizes using SLSQP. The problem is that the previous code might be stuck in a local minimum, so I need a better approach.

Hmm, the previous code uses a random perturbation and SLSQP optimization, but maybe that's not efficient. Let me think of different optimization strategies. Maybe using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing? But those are not part of scipy's standard tools, so maybe not. Alternatively, maybe a better initial guess could help. The initial_h_values given is probably a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess through some pattern.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the correlation between h and 1-h shifted by k. To minimize the maximum of these integrals. So, the goal is to create a function h that's as "spread out" as possible, such that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized. This sounds like a covering problem or something related to discrepancy theory.

In the previous code, the approach was to start with a certain h and then do local optimization with perturbations. But maybe a better approach is to consider periodic structures or use a different optimization method. For example, maybe using a more global optimization method like gradient descent with momentum, or using a different constraint handling.

Alternatively, perhaps trying different n_points. The previous code uses n=45. Maybe using a larger n_points can help find better solutions, but the user says smaller sequences are preferred. Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred for faster optimization. The current initial_h_values is 45 samples, which is small. But maybe trying different n_points could be better. However, the user's code uses the initial_h_values provided, which has n_points=45. So maybe starting with that is better.

Wait, but the user's code is in the previous program, and I need to improve upon that. Let me think: what are the issues with the previous code?

The previous code uses a loop with 20 iterations, each with a perturbation and SLSQP optimization. However, the SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Also, the perturbations are random, which might not be effective. Also, the constraints are handled via equality constraints for the sum.

Maybe I can try a different optimization approach. For example, using a genetic algorithm where the population evolves to find better solutions. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, and with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might not be feasible. Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method, like using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, which might handle bounds better. Or using a different optimization library, like scipy's optimization functions.

Wait, the user allows using scipy, numpy, and other solvers like cvxpy. But the code example uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different method would help. Alternatively, perhaps trying to use a different initial guess. For example, the initial guess is provided as initial_h_values, but if we can generate a better initial guess through some pattern, that could help.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum correlation, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem? However, the max of the integrals is non-convex, so that's tricky. Alternatively, we can try to use a method that approximates the maximum by iterating through different shifts and optimizing for each. But this would be a local approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) approach. However, again, implementing that requires more code. But with time constraints, maybe using a better initial guess and more efficient optimization steps could help.

Wait, the previous code uses a loop with 20 iterations, and each time a perturbation is added. But perhaps the perturbation is not effective. Maybe using a different perturbation method, like adding noise to the entire vector or using a different strategy. Also, the SLSQP method might not be the best here. Let's think about the objective function: it's the maximum of the correlations. The problem is that the objective is non-smooth (due to the max), which makes gradient-based methods less effective. Because the maximum function is not differentiable everywhere, the gradient could be ill-defined.

So, perhaps using a different optimization approach that can handle non-smooth objectives. Alternatively, could we approximate the max by using a soft maximum, which is differentiable? For example, using a log-sum-exp function as an approximation. That way, the optimization can be done with gradients.

But implementing that would require modifying the objective function. Let me think. Suppose I approximate the max with a soft max, then optimize that. That might allow the use of gradient-based methods more effectively.

Alternatively, could we sample a few k values and optimize for those? Since the max is over all k, but maybe it's sufficient to optimize for a few k's that are likely to be the maximum, and then iterate. This is similar to a heuristic where you try to find the k that gives the highest overlap and then optimize for that.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives a result of length 2n_points -1. The maximum of these values (scaled by dx) would be the C5. So, the maximum overlap occurs at some shift k, which corresponds to a specific position in the correlation array.

So, perhaps to find the maximum, we can focus on shifts that are within certain ranges. For example, shifts that are between 0 and 2, so the k values correspond to the shifting of the function h.

But how does this help? Maybe if we can find the k that gives the maximum, then try to minimize that particular integral. However, since we don't know which k is the maximum, this could be a problem.

Alternatively, maybe using a method that alternates between optimizing for different k values. For example, start with an initial guess, compute the maximum value of the integral for all k, then optimize the function to minimize that specific integral, then recompute the maximum, and repeat. This is a greedy approach, but might lead to a better solution.

But how to implement this efficiently. Let's see. For each step, find the k with the highest current value, optimize for that k, then repeat. This would be a local optimization step, but could potentially improve the solution.

But how to compute the maximum for each step. Since the correlation array is a numpy array, perhaps we can find the maximum value's index and then optimize for that particular shift. But the integral for that shift depends on the h(x) and 1 - h(x + k). However, the problem is that the k here is the shift in the continuous domain. Since the function h is sampled at discrete points, the actual integral for a given k would be approximated by the discrete correlation. So, the correlation array has entries corresponding to different shifts. The maximum in that array would correspond to the k that gives the largest overlap.

So, perhaps using the maximum of the correlation array as the objective function to minimize. But since the max is non-differentiable, using a softmax approach could help. However, implementing that would modify the objective function.

Alternatively, the user's code uses the max of the correlation, but in the previous code, they use the objective function as the max of the correlation. However, in scipy.optimize, when using methods like SLSQP, the function must be differentiable. So, the max function might complicate things. Therefore, maybe using a soft maximum approach here would be better.

But how to implement that. For example, using the soft maximum, which is the log-sum-exp of the individual integrals. The soft maximum approximation of max(a, b) is log(exp(a) + exp(b)), but scaled appropriately. However, applying this to all k would be computationally expensive. But if we only consider a few k's that are the current top candidates, maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, since we are to minimize the maximum, maybe we can use the maximum as the objective, but in practice, the method may not work well. So, perhaps the previous code's approach is not sufficient.

Another angle: the problem is similar to designing a set of points that minimizes the maximum overlap with their shifted versions. For instance, in the case of C₅, it's about a 5-point set. Wait, maybe there is a known construction for this. However, the problem is to find a better bound than the current one, so perhaps the optimal solution is not known, and we need to find a better approximation.

Another idea is to use a more structured initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values is given, but maybe generating a better initial guess by considering symmetries or specific patterns. For instance, if the function is periodic or symmetric around the midpoint, but with some points 0.5 apart. However, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial_h_values can be modified by adding more structure. For example, increasing the number of intervals where h is 0 or 1, but maintaining the integral constraint.

Wait, the user's initial code uses SLSQP with the constraints. The constraints are the sum of h values equals target_sum. The objective is the maximum of the correlation, which is a vector that we need to minimize.

But perhaps we can model the problem as an optimization of the maximum value, and use a different method. However, since the maximum is a non-differentiable function, it's difficult. So, maybe the previous approach is the best possible with gradient-based methods.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (20), but maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different perturbation strategy would help. For example, using larger perturbations during early iterations and smaller ones later, or using a cooling schedule.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer. For example, the COBYLA method is suitable for bound constraints, so maybe using that instead of SLSQP. Let me check the scipy.optimize documentation. COBYLA is a constrained optimization method that can handle bounds. So, perhaps switching to COBYLA could yield better results.

But how to implement that. Let's think: the previous code uses 'SLSQP' as the method. Changing that to 'COBYLA' might allow better handling of the constraints, especially with the bounds. Also, the 'COBYLA' method doesn't require gradients, so it could be more robust to non-smooth objectives.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP. Also, adjusting the options, like the number of iterations, tolerance, etc.

Another possibility: the previous code uses a random perturbation, but maybe a better approach is to use a more structured perturbation, like changing the values in a specific way that could potentially improve the objective. For example, performing a global search for the best candidate each time.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum, perhaps using a multi-objective approach where we try to minimize multiple of the correlation values simultaneously. But this is not straightforward.

Another idea: since the integral is over the shift k, perhaps the overlap integral for each k can be considered as a separate constraint. However, that would lead to a lot of constraints, which might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum overlap is determined by a few key shifts, so if we can find and minimize those, it could help. For example, if we find the k that gives the maximum integral and then optimize for that, then recompute the maximum. This is similar to the greedy approach mentioned earlier.

So, putting this together, here's a plan:

1. Start with the initial_h_values.
2. For each iteration:
   a. Compute the correlation array and find the maximum value.
   b. Use that as the target to minimize, possibly using an optimization method that targets that specific shift.
   c. Update the h values based on the optimization result.
3. Repeat this process for several iterations, each time focusing on the worst-case shift.

But how to implement this. For example, in the previous code, the objective function was the max of the correlation. If we can modify the objective to focus on a specific shift, that might help.

However, this approach could get stuck in local minima if the maximum shifts change during the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method that can handle the non-smoothness better, like using a particle swarm or genetic algorithm. However, these are not part of the standard scipy tools, but perhaps with the given constraints, it's hard to implement them.

Another approach is to use a more global optimization strategy by varying the initial guess more systematically. For example, starting with the initial guess and then generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and optimizing each one.

But the user's code is supposed to be efficient and not use too many resources. So, maybe generating a few different initial guesses and optimizing them, then picking the best result.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, creating a periodic pattern where h alternates between 1 and 0, or some other structured pattern. For instance, if the h function is structured to have high values at certain points and low elsewhere, which could reduce the overlap when shifted.

But how to create such a pattern. For example, if the h function has a periodic structure with period 0.4, so that shifting by 0.4 would align with the same positions, leading to minimal overlap. But this requires careful design.

Alternatively, using a binary pattern where the h function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise. This is a common approach in discrepancy theory. For example, a function that is 1 for intervals of fixed length and 0 otherwise. However, the integral must be 1 over [0, 2], so the total length of the 1s must be 1. For n_points=45, this would mean each interval has a certain length. However, the overlap between shifted intervals could be calculated.

But perhaps this structured approach could lead to better results. For example, if the h function is composed of intervals where h is 1 for certain lengths, then the overlap when shifted would correspond to overlapping intervals. The maximum overlap could be minimized by arranging these intervals optimally.

But generating such a binary pattern requires careful calculation. For example, if the function has intervals of length t, then shifting by k would cause the overlap of the intervals. The maximum overlap would depend on the alignment of these intervals.

But this approach might not be easy to optimize for, especially given the discrete nature of the problem.

So perhaps the previous code is the best approach, but with some modifications. Let me think about modifying the previous code to use COBYLA and possibly a better perturbation strategy.

Looking back at the previous code, the objective function is the max of the correlation. But when using SLSQP, this might not be well-suited because the max function is non-differentiable. So, perhaps using a soft max approach for the objective function. For example, compute the correlation array, and then take the maximum of those values. However, the gradient of this function would be problematic.

Alternatively, using the maximum value as the objective function, even though it's non-differentiable, and see if the optimizer can handle it. In practice, some optimizers may work with it if the function is smooth enough in the vicinity of the solution.

Another idea: since the correlation calculation depends on the discrete grid, maybe the maximum would be achieved at a certain number of shifts. For example, the overlap for shift k=1.0 would be when h(x) is overlapped with h(x+1). But how to model this.

Alternatively, perhaps the user's code could be improved by using a better optimizer. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can handle non-smooth functions. However, the Nelder-Mead method can be slow and might not scale well for large n_points.

But given that n_points is 45, which is manageable, maybe this approach could work. However, in scipy, the Nelder-Mead method is available through the 'SLSQP' method? No, the 'SLSQP' is for constrained optimization, while 'Nelder-Mead' is a separate method.

Wait, in scipy.optimize, the minimize function has several methods, including 'Nelder-Mead', 'L-BFGS-B', 'COBYLA', 'SLSQP', 'TNC', etc. So, perhaps using 'Nelder-Mead' for the optimization steps.

Alternatively, perhaps combining multiple methods. For example, first using a global optimization method (like differential evolution) to find a good initial guess, then using a local optimizer (like SLSQP or COBYLA) to refine it. However, the user's code's time budget is only 100 seconds, so this might be too slow.

But given that the initial code's current best is 0.381219, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.380876, perhaps a more effective approach is needed.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all iterations, but after each iteration, it updates the initial guess to the best found so far. However, maybe using a different starting point each time, such as varying the perturbation more systematically, could lead to better results.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use a wider range of perturbations, or even generate multiple initial guesses based on different patterns, then optimizing each of them.

Alternatively, using a random search approach where many initial guesses are tried, and the best one is kept. However, with the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code uses a for loop with 20 iterations, each time adding a random perturbation and optimizing. But what if we increase the number of iterations or use a different perturbation method?

Alternatively, perhaps using the COBYLA method since it can handle bounds and doesn't require gradients. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to COBYLA would allow the optimizer to handle the constraints more effectively.

Let me check the code again. The previous code uses the 'SLSQP' method. The constraints are the sum of h equals target_sum. The bounds are [0, 1]. So, changing the method to 'COBYLA' might be better. Also, adjusting the options such as ftol and maxiter.

Another possibility is to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is for bound-constrained optimization. However, since the objective function is non-differentiable, the gradients might be inaccurate, leading to suboptimal results.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the optimizer is more tolerant of non-smoothness.

In any case, the main idea is to modify the optimization method and parameters to improve the result.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Replace 'SLSQP' with 'COBYLA' or 'L-BFGS-B' method.
- Adjust the options to increase the number of iterations or tolerance.
- Use a different perturbation strategy, such as adding noise to the entire array or using a more systematic approach.

Additionally, the code could try multiple starting points, not just the initial guess. For example, generating a few different starting points and optimizing each, then choosing the best.

But given time constraints, it's challenging to do this. So, perhaps sticking to the previous code but with better optimization method and parameters.

Another idea: the correlation calculation is max(np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full') * dx). The max is taken over all k. However, the correlation with 'full' returns a long array, and the maximum could be achieved at various shifts. To reduce the computational load, maybe we can focus on a subset of shifts. For example, considering only certain k values that are multiples of dx. However, this may not be effective since the optimal k may not be in those shifts.

But for the purpose of the optimization, perhaps the maximum is primarily determined by a few key shifts. For example, the largest correlation may occur when the shift is such that overlapping intervals are maximized. But without knowing the exact shifts, it's difficult to say.

An alternative approach is to consider that the optimal h function is piecewise constant, with certain intervals where it's 0 or 1. This would reduce the number of variables and make the problem more tractable. However, the previous code uses a continuous approach with h[i] as a real number between 0 and 1. If we could model this as a binary choice (0 or 1), then the problem becomes a combinatorial optimization problem, which is NP-hard. But with n_points=45, it's feasible to use a heuristic approach to try different binary configurations.

But this might not be effective for the given time budget.

So, perhaps the best way is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, try more iterations, and adjust the parameters.

In the previous code, the perturb_scale is randomized between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe increasing the perturb_scale or varying it differently. Alternatively, using a larger number of iterations.

Another idea: during each iteration, after optimizing, check the correlation values and see if there's a shift that is significantly higher than others. If so, focus on reducing that specific shift. For example, in the next iteration, perturb towards a solution that reduces that particular overlap.

But this would require a more targeted optimization approach.

In summary, the key changes to the previous code could be:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to increase the number of iterations and tolerance settings.
3. Vary the perturbation strategy to explore different regions of the solution space.
4. Possibly increase the number of iterations to allow more thorough exploration.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code. For example, changing the method to 'COBYLA', setting maxiter to a higher value (like 1000), and possibly adjusting the ftol and other parameters. Also, increasing the number of iterations in the for loop.

Another consideration: the 'SLSQP' method may be getting stuck in a local minimum, but with a better optimization method, it could find a better solution.

Thus, the revised code would replace the 'SLSQP' method with 'COBYLA', adjust the options, and possibly increase the number of iterations.

So, to implement this in code:

In the 'optimize.minimize' call, change the method to 'COBYLA'.

Also, in the parameters, set options such as 'maxiter' to a higher value (e.g., 2000), and 'ftol' and 'eps' to tighter tolerances.

Additionally, the perturbation scale could be adjusted. Maybe using a larger perturbation initially and smaller later.

But without testing, it's hard to know. So, let's proceed with modifying the code accordingly.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. But again, the objective function's non-differentiability could be an issue.

But for the sake of trying, I'll proceed with using COBYLA.

Let me write the code accordingly.

The original code's objective function is correct. The constraint is the sum of h equals target_sum. The bounds are 0 to 1 for each variable.

So, changing the optimizer method and parameters:

In the 'optimize.minimize' call, set method='COBYLA', and options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-8, 'eps': 1e-9}.

Also, increasing the number of iterations in the for loop. Perhaps trying 30 iterations instead of 20.

Additionally, perhaps increasing the perturbation scale for early iterations and reducing it for later ones, to allow exploration and exploitation.

So, the revised code would have:

In the loop, for each iteration, perturb_scale is adjusted. For example, start with a larger scale and decrease it over time.

But perhaps that's too much for the time budget. Let's see.

In the previous code, the loop runs for 20 times. Let's increase it to 50, but with the time budget of 100 seconds. Each iteration might take some time, but given that with 50 iterations, the total time should be acceptable.

Another adjustment: the initial guess is updated to the best_h after each iteration. This helps the optimizer to converge better.

Putting all this together, the revised code would have:

- Use COBYLA method.
- Higher maxiter and tighter tolerances.
- More iterations (like 50).
- Adjusted perturbation scale.

This should lead to a better optimization process.

Another possible adjustment: using the 'bounds' as specified, and ensuring that the constraint is correctly handled.

Now, considering all these changes, the code would be as follows:

The previous code uses 'SLSQP', but replacing that with 'COBYLA' method.

Thus, the revised run function would be:

[The code would be similar to the previous one, but with changes to the method and parameters.]

So, the final code would look something like this, with the necessary adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use COBYLA and more rigorous optimization
    for _ in range(30):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Systematic perturbation with decreasing scale
        perturb_scale = np.clip(0.03 * (1 - (_ / 30)), 0.01, 0.05)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 1500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```