<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is even lower, like 0.380876. The previous code tried using SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess, but maybe that's not the most effective approach. Let me think about alternative methods.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1 over [0,2]. 

The previous code used a perturbation approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's too slow or not exploring enough. What other optimization techniques could be better? Maybe a genetic algorithm or a more global search? However, given the time budget, maybe a better approach is needed.

Alternatively, since it's a minimax problem, maybe we can model it as a convex optimization problem. Wait, but the max over k complicates things. The objective is to minimize the maximum of several integrals. This is a minimax problem, which is hard to convexify. 

Another thought: the integral over k can be considered as a convolution. The overlap integral for each shift k is the convolution of h and 1 - h evaluated at k, scaled by dx. So the problem is to find h such that the maximum of these convolutions is minimized. 

But how to optimize this? Maybe using a different optimization approach, such as particle swarm optimization or simulated annealing. However, those might be too slow given the time constraints. 

Wait, the previous approach used a fixed number of iterations with perturbations. Maybe we can improve that by using more advanced optimization methods. Also, perhaps the initial guess is important. The initial guess is given by initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. Maybe starting with that is good, but perhaps other starting points could be better. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a binary search approach. For example, fix a value for C5 and try to find a function h that makes all overlaps less than or equal to that value. But how to check that? Solving this could be done with an optimization problem, but finding the right value for C5 requires a binary search.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more efficient algorithm for the SLSQP optimization. The previous code tried 20 iterations with perturbations. Maybe adjusting the parameters, like the step size, or using a different optimization method like L-BFGS-B or Nelder-Mead could help. Or maybe using a combination of methods.

Another consideration: the number of samples (n_points) affects the accuracy. The previous code uses n_points=45. Maybe trying a higher number of points (within the time budget) could lead to better results. However, higher n_points would require more computation time. Let me check the original code: the initial_h_values has 45 samples, so perhaps increasing that might be possible. Wait, but the user says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. So maybe sticking with 45 points is better.

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not the best. Maybe generating a different initial guess, like a more balanced distribution of 1's and 0's. For example, a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0, or has some periodic structure that minimizes overlaps. 

Wait, the Erdős problem is about sequences that minimize the maximum overlap. There's known constructions, like the one with a periodic sequence. For example, a sequence that tiles the interval with blocks that are 1's and 0's in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, a block of a certain length with 1's and 0's arranged to minimize the product. 

But how to translate that into a step function? For example, suppose we divide [0,2] into m equal intervals. Assign 1's and 0's in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For m=45, maybe a specific pattern.

But how to construct such a pattern? Maybe using a greedy approach, placing 1's in positions that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. But this is vague.

Another approach: since the integral is over the overlap, which is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, perhaps for each shift k, we can think of it as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So the goal is to arrange h(x) so that for any shift k, this area is small. 

This seems similar to the problem of designing a set with minimal overlap when shifted. Maybe using a quasiperiodic or aperiodic sequence would help. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap might be achieved for certain values of k, like k=1, 2, etc. So maybe the problem can be approximated by optimizing for a few specific shifts. However, since the maximum over all k is required, this might not be sufficient. 

But perhaps the main contributors to the maximum overlap are for small k. For example, the overlap for k=1 and k=2. So if we could minimize those, maybe that would help.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a covering problem, where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with 1's such that when shifted, the 1's don't overlap too much with the 0's. 

Another idea: the current code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or changing the objective function could help. For example, instead of minimizing the max of the integrals directly, perhaps we can use a penalty method to approximate the max. 

Wait, the current code computes the max of the convolution results. So the objective function is the max of the convolutions. But in SLSQP, the objective function is scalar, so the code is trying to minimize that max. However, the optimization may get stuck in local minima. 

Perhaps using a different optimization technique that can better explore the search space. For example, using a differential evolution algorithm, which is better at escaping local optima. But does that fit within the time budget?

But the previous code used SLSQP. Let me think: in the previous code, the perturbations are added to the initial guess and then optimized. Maybe that's not the best way. 

Alternatively, using a more refined approach: for each iteration, sample the space around the current best solution, perturb it, and optimize in that region. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (20) and for each iteration, performs an optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation more could help. 

But given the time constraints, maybe it's better to try a different approach. Let me think about the structure of the initial_h_values. If I can create a better initial guess, that could lead to better results. For example, maybe the initial guess is a simple pattern that can be improved.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess. For example, a sequence that has more balanced 1's and 0's, spaced out to minimize overlaps. 

Another thought: the Erdős constant problem is related to the concept of "separating" the function h so that it doesn't overlap too much with itself when shifted. So, perhaps using a binary sequence with a specific structure, such as a de Bruijn sequence or some other combinatorial structure. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to binary code design for minimal inner product. For example, in coding theory, certain codes have minimal cross-correlation. Maybe applying similar principles here. 

Wait, for example, if we have a binary sequence (h(x) is 0 or 1) then the cross-correlation with itself would be the number of overlapping 1's. But since h(x) is a step function, it's like a sequence of 0s and 1s. However, in our problem, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx, which is the same as the area where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. 

So this is equivalent to the area of overlap between the set where h(x)=1 and the set where h(x+k)=0. To minimize this, the 1s should be placed such that when shifted, they don't overlap with the 0s. 

Hmm, perhaps arranging the 1s in a way that for any shift k, the 1s are not in the same positions as the 0s. But how? 

Maybe using a simple pattern like spacing the 1s as much as possible. For example, if the interval [0,2] is divided into n equal parts, and we select every m-th interval to be 1. But choosing m depending on the length of the interval.

For example, if n=45, then dividing into 45 intervals of length 2/45. If we set certain intervals to 1, spaced out so that shifting by 1 interval length would not cause overlaps. 

But this is vague. How to find such a pattern? 

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem. The goal is to select positions where h(x)=1 such that the total area is 1 (i.e., the number of selected intervals multiplied by dx is 1). So, with dx=2/45, the total number of selected intervals is 1/(2/45) = 22.5. Wait, since the total integral is 1, and dx is 2/n_points, the sum of h[i] must be n_points / 2. So for 45 points, the sum is 22.5. Therefore, we need to select 22 or 23 intervals to be 1, the rest 0. 

So the problem becomes selecting 22 or 23 positions out of 45 to be 1, such that when we shift the interval, the overlaps are minimized. 

This is similar to the problem of designing a binary sequence with minimal cross-correlation. 

In that case, perhaps a good approach is to use a binary sequence with a certain periodic structure. For example, a sequence that repeats every m points, where m is chosen to minimize the cross-correlation. 

But how to find such a sequence? 

Alternatively, using a greedy heuristic. Start by placing a 1, then skip some intervals to avoid overlaps when shifted. 

But this is not straightforward. 

Returning to the optimization approach. The previous code's main limitation might be the optimization method. SLSQP may not be the best here, especially for high-dimensional problems. However, with 45 variables, even SLSQP could be feasible. 

Maybe trying a different optimization method. For example, using the differential evolution algorithm from scipy.optimize, which is good for global optimization. But how does it fit with constraints?

Yes, scipy has a differential evolution method that can handle constraints. Let me think. The differential evolution can be used with bounds, and the constraints can be handled via penalties, or via the constraints argument in the minimize function. 

But since the problem has an equality constraint (sum h = n_points/2), integrating it into the optimization would be better. 

So, perhaps using differential evolution with equality constraints. Let me think: the objective function would be the maximum of all the overlap integrals. For each possible k, compute the integral, then take the maximum. But given that the convolution gives all the shifts, perhaps we can compute the correlation for all k and take the maximum. 

But for a 45-point array, the number of shifts k would be up to 45*2-1, but the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives 2n-1 points. However, the max over all k is needed. 

So, the objective function is the maximum of the convolution values multiplied by dx. 

So, perhaps using differential evolution to minimize that maximum, with the constraint that the sum of h is n_points/2. 

Let me see. The previous code uses SLSQP, but perhaps differential evolution would explore the search space more thoroughly and avoid local minima. 

Another thing to consider: the initial guess is important. If the initial guess is a poor one, the optimization might not find the global minimum. 

So, perhaps starting with a better initial guess would help. For example, a sequence that's valued with a more even distribution. 

But how to generate such a sequence algorithmically? 

An alternative approach: use a periodic pattern. For example, divide the interval into segments and alternate between 1 and 0. For instance, if the interval is divided into m segments, then set h to 1 on some segments and 0 on others in a repeating pattern. 

But the exact pattern would need to be determined. 

For example, suppose we use a period of 2, with h(x) = 1 on [0,1) and 0 on [1,2). Then the overlap integral for k=1 would be the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+1)) dx. But in this case, for x in [0,1), h(x)=1, and x+1 is in [1,2), so h(x+1)=0. So the overlap is 1*(1-0)=1 over [0,1), giving an integral of 1.0*dx = 0.5 (since dx=2/n_points). Wait, but this is for n_points=2. 

But for larger n_points, this approach may not be optimal. 

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. For example, a sequence that is 1 for certain intervals and 0 for others, arranged in a way that overlaps are minimized when shifted. 

But this is vague. 

Back to the optimization approach. Let's consider using differential evolution. Let me outline the steps:

1. Generate a candidate h-values array that satisfies the sum constraint.
2. Compute the overlap integral for all shifts and take the maximum.
3. Use differential evolution to minimize this maximum.

But how to handle the constraints. The sum constraint is an equality constraint. 

In scipy.optimize, the minimize function can take equality constraints. So, for the differential evolution method, perhaps we need to use a different approach since the constraints are handled differently. 

Wait, the differential evolution method in scipy.optimize doesn't support constraints directly. So, the constraints have to be handled via penalties. 

So, the objective function could be the maximum overlap integral plus a penalty for violating the sum constraint. 

But then, the optimization would have to balance minimizing the overlap and satisfying the sum constraint. 

Alternatively, use an algorithm that supports constraints, like SLSQP, but with different parameters. 

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe changing the optimization parameters would help. For example, increasing the number of iterations, adjusting the tolerance, or using a different initial guess. 

Another thing to note: the initial guess might be a good starting point. So, using that as the initial guess for the optimization. 

Alternatively, trying different initial guesses, perhaps generated by varying the pattern. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code. Maybe using differential evolution with a penalty function for the sum constraint. 

But let's think: the sum constraint is sum(h) = n_points/2. So, during the optimization, if the sum deviates, we can add a penalty term to the objective function. 

So, the objective function would be:

objective = max_overlap + (sum(h) - target_sum)^2 * penalty_factor

But the penalty factor needs to be chosen so that the sum constraint is satisfied. 

But this could be a way to handle the constraint in the optimization. 

Alternatively, using the SLSQP method with the equality constraint. 

But in the previous code, the SLSQP method is used with an equality constraint. 

Perhaps the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. 

To address this, maybe we can try multiple different initial guesses. For example, perturbing the initial guess in different ways and running the optimization from each. 

But how to generate these different initial guesses? 

Perhaps, in addition to the initial guess, generating other initial guesses by randomly selecting certain positions to be 1 or 0, ensuring the sum constraint. 

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate diverse initial guesses. 

So, modifying the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and adding more diversity in the initial guesses. 

But given the time constraints and the need to fit within the 100 seconds, perhaps the best approach is to try a different optimization method with the given initial guess. 

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess randomly, use a more structured approach. For example, create several initial guesses that are variations of the initial guess with shifts or other transformations. 

Moreover, using a more efficient optimization method. 

Wait, in the previous code, the optimization uses the SLSQP method with a fixed number of iterations (1000). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but the time budget would be exceeded. 

Alternatively, using a method that is more robust to the problem's structure. 

Another possibility is to use a combination of methods. For example, first perform a global search using differential evolution to find a good starting point, then perform a local optimization using SLSQP. 

Given that the code must fit into 100 seconds, this approach might be feasible. 

But how to implement this? 

Let me outline the steps:

1. Use differential evolution to find a good initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. The objective function is the maximum overlap plus a penalty for the sum constraint. 

2. Once a good candidate is found, perform a local optimization with SLSQP to refine it. 

But implementing this requires handling constraints properly. 

Alternatively, for the differential evolution, the sum constraint can be handled by adding a penalty term to the objective function. 

Let me think: the code's objective function is the maximum overlap. To include the sum constraint, we can add a term that penalizes deviations from the target sum. 

So, for each candidate solution, compute the objective as the maximum overlap plus a large penalty factor multiplied by (sum(h) - target_sum)^2. 

This way, during the optimization, the algorithm will try to minimize the maximum overlap while also keeping the sum near the target. 

However, the penalty factor needs to be chosen appropriately. If it's too large, the optimization might focus too much on satisfying the constraint and ignore the objective. If it's too small, the constraint might be violated. 

This is a common technique in constrained optimization, called the method of penalties. 

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution. 

Let me also recall that the differential evolution method can handle bound constraints (variables between 0 and 1) and is good for global optimization. 

So, the plan is:

- Use differential evolution to minimize the maximum overlap, with a penalty for violating the sum constraint. 

But how to compute the maximum overlap? For each candidate solution, compute the convolution and take the maximum. 

But how to compute the convolution efficiently. 

In the previous code, np.correlate is used with mode 'full'. So for h of length n_points, the convolution will have n_points * 2 - 1 elements. 

But for the code, the objective function would be the maximum of these elements multiplied by dx. 

So, the steps for the objective function are:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx + penalty * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2

But the penalty factor should be a large value to ensure that any solution that violates the sum constraint is heavily penalized. 

But how to choose the penalty? Perhaps start with a high value and adjust as needed. 

But for the purposes of the code, we can set the penalty to a large value, like 1e6, to encourage the optimization to satisfy the sum constraint. 

However, with such a high penalty, the optimization might get stuck, because the penalty term could dominate the objective. 

Alternatively, we can combine it with a constraint handling method. 

But given time constraints, perhaps using a penalty method is manageable. 

Once this objective is defined, the differential evolution can be used. 

But scipy's differential evolution method allows bounds and has a method to handle bounds. 

So, the code could be modified to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. 

Another thing: the differential evolution approach may require more function evaluations to converge, which may be time-consuming. 

But given that the initial guess is already somewhat optimized, perhaps it's worth trying. 

Also, the previous code used a loop of 20 iterations with perturbations, but maybe using differential evolution with a suitable population size and iterations could be better. 

Let me think about how to code this. 

The code would need to import differential evolution from scipy.optimize. 

So, the steps would be:

- Define the objective function with penalty for the sum constraint. 

- Use differential evolution to minimize this objective. 

But the penalty factor would need to be chosen such that the sum constraint is satisfied. 

But since this is a penalty, if the penalty is large enough, the solver would try to meet the constraint. 

But in practice, for the given problem, the sum must be exactly n_points / 2. So, the penalty term should be large enough to prevent the sum from deviating too much. 

Once the differential evolution has found a good candidate, we can further refine it with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. 

Alternatively, combining both approaches. 

But for the code to fit within 100 seconds, perhaps using differential evolution for a few generations and then using SLSQP. 

But I need to implement this. 

Let me think about how to code this. 

But wait, the user's code is supposed to be self-contained. The previous code uses a loop with perturbations and SLSQP. 

So, perhaps modifying that code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. 

But in the previous code, the start time is tracked, and the code runs for up to 100 seconds. 

So, the plan is:

- Replace the optimization loop with a differential evolution approach. 

- Use the initial guess as the starting point. 

- Run the differential evolution for a certain number of iterations, perhaps a fixed number, and return the best solution found. 

But how to handle the sum constraint. 

Alternatively, use a different approach. 

Alternatively, we can use the existing code but switch to a different optimization method. 

Alternatively, since the sum constraint is an equality constraint, we can use the SLSQP method with the equality constraint. 

Maybe the previous code could be improved by adjusting the parameters, like the number of iterations or the tolerance. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a for loop with 20 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would help. 

But the time budget is tight. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. 

But given that the code must be written in a limited time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different method, such as differential evolution, and see if it can find a better solution. 

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution. 

- Use the initial guess as the starting point. 

- Compute the objective function with a penalty term for the sum constraint. 

But how to do this. 

Let me think about the code. 

The original code uses:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

So, the objective is to minimize the max overlap under the constraint sum h = target_sum. 

But in the penalty approach, the objective function would be the max overlap plus a penalty for the sum constraint. 

But with the current code, this is not the case. 

Alternatively, the existing code uses the constraints to handle the sum. 

So, using the SLSQP method with the equality constraint is correct and ensures that the sum is exactly equal to the target. 

So, the problem with the previous code could be the choice of method and parameters. 

Perhaps using a better optimization method, like L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer. 

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. 

But given time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to try a different optimization method. 

Let me think about how to implement this in code. 

Another possibility: using the SLSQP method but changing the parameters, like increasing the maximum number of iterations. 

But the previous code already uses maxiter=1000. 

Alternatively, using different starting points. 

Another idea: in the initial code, the perturbation is added to the initial guess. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, like using more diverse perturbations. 

For example, instead of adding random noise, create different initial guesses by flipping some of the bits in the initial guess, ensuring that the sum constraint is satisfied. 

But this could be time-consuming. 

Alternatively, using a more effective perturbation strategy. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to code an improved version of the previous code, using different optimization parameters and methods. 

Let me think about modifying the previous code. 

In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum overlap. The constraints are handled with SLSQP. 

Maybe adjusting the parameters of the SLSQP optimizer, like increasing the number of iterations, decreasing the tolerance, or changing the method. 

But the code has a loop that runs for a fixed number of iterations (20), each time perturbing the initial guess and running optimization. 

Perhaps the number of iterations could be increased, but that might take more time. 

Alternatively, trying a different method, like L-BFGS-B. 

But the SLSQP method is suitable for problems with constraints. 

Another idea: use the existing code but modify the perturbations. For example, instead of adding random noise, create more structured perturbations. 

But how? 

Alternatively, using a grid search for the perturbation scales. 

But again, time is limited. 

Another thought: the current code starts from the initial guess and perturbs it. Maybe instead of using the same initial guess for all iterations, using the best solution found so far as the new initial guess. 

This is what the code already does. 

But perhaps the number of iterations is too low. 

Suppose I increase the number of iterations to 50, and decrease the perturbation scale. 

But I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, trying to reduce the number of iterations but using a better perturbation strategy. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, generating an initial guess that is a simple pattern. 

But since the initial_guess is provided via initial_h_values, and we cannot copy it, perhaps we can create a different initial guess. 

Wait, the user says that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Otherwise, create a starting vector. 

So, the initial guess is available, and we should use it. 

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess randomly, create a better initial guess by applying some transformation, like swapping certain zeros and ones to reduce the overlap. 

But this would require a way to generate such a guess, which might be complex. 

Alternatively, using a greedy approach to modify the initial guess. 

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different method and adjust the parameters. 

So, here's a plan for the new code:

- Use the same initial guess. 

- Replace the perturbations and SLSQP with a different optimization method. 

- Perhaps using the differential evolution method with a penalty for the sum constraint. 

But how to implement this. 

Let me write code that uses differential evolution for the optimization. 

But the differential evolution requires the objective function to be a scalar, and the penalty term for the sum constraint. 

So, the code would be:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    penalty = 1e6 * (np.sum(h) - target_sum)**2
    return max_corr * dx + penalty 

Then, perform differential evolution on this objective function, with bounds between 0 and 1 for each h value. 

But the problem is that the differential evolution would not enforce the sum constraint exactly; it would try to meet it but might not. 

However, the penalty term is large enough to ensure that the optimization tries to meet the constraint. 

But in practice, this might not be very reliable. 

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method but with more iterations and a better initial guess. 

But given that the previous code may not have reached the optimal solution, perhaps trying a different approach can help. 

In conclusion, after considering the options, it seems that the best approach is to use the SLSQP method with more aggressive parameters, or switch to a different optimization method like differential evolution with a penalty term. 

But since I have to write the code, I'll proceed with using the SLSQP method but with more iterations and different perturbation strategies. 

Alternatively, I can try to improve the previous code by increasing the number of iterations, using more diverse perturbations, and adjusting the optimization parameters. 

Let me adjust the code:

- Increase the number of iterations in the loop from 20 to 50.

- Adjust the perturbation scale to be smaller, e.g., 0.01 to 0.03.

- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, but in scipy, these methods might not handle the equality constraint as well as SLSQP. 

Alternatively, try using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds and handle the sum constraint via a penalty term. 

But this may complicate things. 

Alternatively, the code can remain as is but with more iterations. 

But given the time constraints, I'll proceed with the following modifications to the previous code:

- Increase the number of iterations to 50.

- Vary the perturbation scale more, perhaps using a range that includes both small and larger perturbations.

- Use tighter convergence tolerance.

But since the code must be self-contained and fit within the time budget, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code as follows:

Increase the number of iterations from 20 to 50, and adjust the perturbation scale to be smaller, perhaps varying from 0.005 to 0.05. 

This could lead to a better exploration of the search space. 

Therefore, the code would have more iterations of perturbation and optimization, leading to potentially better results. 

Also, the initial guess is used as the starting point, and the best solution is kept. 

So, this would be the updated code. 

Another idea: use a different initial guess by generating a new one. For example, a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. 

But generating such a guess could be done by randomly selecting positions to be 1 and 0, ensuring the sum is correct. 

For example, for n_points=45, generate a random array with 22 or 23 ones. 

But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps it's better to use that. 

But if we could generate a better initial guess, it might help. 

But given that initial_h_values is given, we'll use it. 

Thus, the updated code would be:

Increase the number of iterations, adjust the perturbation scale, and use SLSQP with tighter tolerances. 

So, the final code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use multiple iterations with varying perturbation strategies
    for _ in range(40):  # More iterations for better convergence
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Vary perturbation scales and strategies
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.005, 0.05)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess for next iteration
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```