<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The goal is to find a better construction, so I should look into improving the existing method or trying a different approach.

First, the previous program uses a SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. It does some perturbations and tries to minimize the overlap integral. But maybe there's a way to make this more efficient or find a better solution.

Let me think about the problem again. The objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So, for each shift, we compute this integral, and then take the maximum over all k. Our goal is to make this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code uses a perturbation-based approach, but perhaps that's too simplistic. Maybe a better approach would be to use a more sophisticated optimization method, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, which can explore the solution space more thoroughly. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds, we need an approach that's computationally efficient.

Alternatively, maybe using a different initialization strategy would help. The initial_h_values might be a local minimum, so starting from different points could lead to better results. But how to generate those points?

Another idea is to use a more structured approach to the function h. For example, using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries or patterns that reduce the overlap. Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps distributing the 1s and 0s of h in a way that spreads out the regions where h is 1 and 0, thereby reducing overlap for any shift.

But how to translate that into an algorithm? The current code uses a continuous optimization with SLSQP, but maybe we can improve it by adding more constraints or using a different optimization method. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h_values.

Wait, but the code is already using SLSQP. Maybe the issue is that the perturbations are not sufficient. Perhaps we need to use a more systematic way to explore the solution space.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different objective function. For example, instead of optimizing for one k at a time, could we use a more global approach? Or maybe combining multiple shifts?

Another thought: the current code uses the maximum of the correlations. The correlation here is the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)), which for different k gives different values. To minimize the maximum, perhaps we can use a more uniform approach, making sure that the integral is balanced across all shifts.

But how to model that. Perhaps using a cost function that penalizes large deviations across all shifts. However, that might be computationally expensive as it would involve checking multiple shifts.

Wait, but the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. The maximum of that is the C₅ value. So the current approach is correct in that it evaluates all shifts.

So, perhaps the problem is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. Maybe trying a different optimization method, like a genetic algorithm, could help. But implementing that within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. If I can generate better initial guesses, perhaps by using some pattern or known good construction.

Wait, the initial H values might be based on some prior research. For example, maybe the known best construction for C₅ is a certain pattern. Without knowledge of that, it's hard to say. But assuming that the initial_h_values is a decent starting point, maybe trying a different initialization, such as a uniform distribution with some variation, could help.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a convex optimization problem. But the function to minimize is non-convex. So that's tricky.

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better step size or learning rate. The SLSQP method in scipy.optimize might have parameters that can be tuned for better convergence.

Wait, the current code uses a loop where it perturbs the initial guess and runs SLSQP each time. Maybe instead of perturbing randomly, we can use a more intelligent perturbation, like using the gradient information to adjust the parameters.

But how to implement that. Maybe each perturbation could be based on the gradient of the objective function, but that would require computing the gradient, which might be computationally expensive.

Another idea: since the integral is over the interval [0,2], we can model h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals. For example, if h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, then the overlap integral can be computed based on the shifts.

But this approach would require knowing where to place the intervals, which might be challenging to optimize.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sparse representation. For example, placing the 1s in h in a way that minimizes overlap. For instance, if h is 1 in a set of points that are spaced apart, then shifting by a certain amount would not overlap much.

But how to turn this into an algorithm. Maybe using a greedy approach: select intervals where h is 1, ensuring that they are sufficiently spaced to minimize overlap for all shifts.

But this seems too vague. Perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let me think about the existing code again.

The code starts with an initial guess, then for each iteration, it perturbs the guess, runs SLSQP, and keeps the best solution found. The problem might be that the perturbations are too random, and the optimization might not efficiently explore the solution space.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For instance, using a COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients, but maybe that's not better. Or using a particle swarm optimization, which is another metaheuristic.

But considering the time constraints, maybe the current approach is the best. However, perhaps the code can be optimized by reducing the number of iterations, focusing more on the initial guesses, or adjusting the parameters of the optimization.

Another point: the code uses a fixed number of perturbations (20 iterations), but maybe more could be done within the time budget. However, the time is limited, so more iterations might not be feasible.

Alternatively, perhaps the code can be modified to use a larger step in the perturbations, but that could lead to overshooting the optimal solution.

Another idea: the current code uses a uniform perturbation. What if instead, we use a more targeted perturbation based on the gradient? For example, computing the gradient of the objective function and adjusting the perturbations accordingly. However, computing the gradient would require access to the derivative of the objective with respect to h.

The objective function is the maximum value of the correlations. However, the maximum is a non-smooth function, making the gradient difficult to compute. So that might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, since the objective is the maximum of multiple values, perhaps during optimization, the algorithm is focusing on the current maximum. But without gradient information, it's hard for the optimizer to know which direction to go.

Another possible improvement is to split the problem into smaller subproblems. For example, precompute the optimal h for some shifts and then adjust for others. But this seems too vague.

Alternatively, maybe using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values could be a better starting point if it's known to be a good construction. But the user says that the initial_h_values is provided and we should use it directly.

Wait, the user says: "When initial_h_values is available, use it directly. Never redefine it or copy its entries into the response. Construct all large arrays algorithmically; do not print long numeric literals or unrolled tables."

So the initial_h_values is a given. So the code starts from that. But maybe we can use a different initial guess, such as a uniform distribution or some other pattern, but the code is supposed to start from the initial_h_values if available.

So, perhaps the code can be modified to try different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization for each, then selecting the best one.

But how to generate those different initial guesses. For example, using a random perturbation of the initial guess, or applying some transformations, like reversing the array, or shifting the intervals.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let's look at the current code again.

The existing code has a loop that runs 20 times, each time perturbing the initial guess and running SLSQP. The perturbation is a random normal distribution. The constraints are that the sum must be n_points / 2. The optimization is using SLSQP with some parameters.

Possible improvements:

1. Increase the number of perturbations. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe 20 iterations is too low. Alternatively, reduce the number of iterations but make each one more efficient.

2. Adjust the perturbation parameters. For instance, using a larger perturbation scale initially and smaller later, or using different scales based on the current solution.

3. Use a different optimization method that's better suited for this problem. For example, using a genetic algorithm which is good for global optimization but may be slow.

4. Use a different initial guess. For example, starting from the initial_h_values and then trying various transformations of it, like flipping, rotating, etc.

But how to implement that. For example, generating multiple variations of the initial guess and running the optimization on each.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use a different method like Nelder-Mead, which doesn't require gradients. But I'm not sure if that would be better.

Alternatively, consider that the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions. This is similar to robust optimization, where the goal is to minimize the worst-case scenario. Maybe using a more robust optimization method.

Alternatively, since the integral is over a continuous range, perhaps we can discretize the problem in a way that allows for more efficient optimization. However, the current code already uses a discrete representation with n_points samples.

Wait, another thought: the problem's overlap integral is equivalent to the correlation. So, for each shift k, the integral is the correlation between h and (1 - h). The maximum of all these correlations is the C₅ value. Therefore, the problem is to find h such that all these correlations are minimized.

This is similar to a problem in signal processing where you want to design a signal with certain properties. Maybe using techniques from that field could help.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to modify the existing code to include more diverse initial guesses and better optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement is to use a different objective function. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum correlation, perhaps use a weighted sum of the correlations, but that's unclear.

Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum. So, the current code is correct in that respect. The problem is that the optimization might be stuck in a local minimum.

An alternative approach could be to use a genetic algorithm, which can explore different regions of the solution space. However, genetic algorithms are not straightforward to implement in Python for this problem, especially within the time constraints.

But maybe there's a way to simulate this with a simple evolutionary approach. For example, generate a population of different h values, evaluate their C₅, select the best ones, and evolve them through mutations and crossovers. However, this would require a lot of computation, which may not fit within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, given that the initial guess is already a starting point, maybe we can apply some local optimization techniques to it. For instance, using a gradient descent method if we can compute the gradient of the objective function.

But the problem is that the objective is the maximum of several values, each of which is a correlation. The maximum function is not differentiable everywhere, so computing the gradient would be difficult. However, in regions where the maximum is achieved at a particular shift, we can compute the derivative with respect to that particular correlation.

Let me think. Suppose for a given h, the maximum correlation occurs at shift k. Then, the objective function is the correlation at shift k. The gradient of this correlation with respect to h's values can be computed.

So, for each h, the objective is the maximum of the correlations. To compute the gradient, we need to know for which shift k the maximum occurs. Then, the gradient is the derivative of that particular correlation.

But how to compute that derivative. The correlation for a specific shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. If we consider h as a piecewise constant function (the sample points), then this integral can be approximated as a sum over the points where the function is non-zero.

Wait, the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). For mode 'full', the output is length 2n_points - 1. Each entry corresponds to a different shift. The maximum of these entries is the C₅ value.

So, for a given h, we can compute the correlations for each shift. Then, the objective is the maximum of these correlations.

If during optimization, we can track which shift gives the maximum, then the gradient can be computed for that particular shift.

This could allow for a more targeted optimization. However, this would require taking derivatives of the correlation with respect to the h values, which might be computationally complex.

Alternatively, perhaps the current approach of using SLSQP with a gradient is not efficient. Maybe using a different method, like BFGS, which uses gradient information, could be better.

But again, the gradient for the maximum of several functions is not straightforward.

Another idea: since the problem involves a maximum of several convex functions, the overall function is convex? Or not. Let's see. For each shift k, the correlation is a convex function of h? Not sure. However, the maximum of convex functions is convex, but the objective is to minimize that maximum. So this is a convex problem once the maximum is fixed. However, the maximum is over a set of convex functions, so the overall function is convex. Wait, if each test is convex, then the maximum is convex. Hence, the problem becomes convex once we fix the shift that contributes to the maximum. However, the maximum could change as the solution evolves, making the problem non-convex.

Therefore, the entire problem is non-convex. Hence, convex optimization methods may not be applicable, and we have to rely on heuristics.

Given that, the current approach may be the best. But perhaps we can improve it by adjusting the parameters and the way the perturbations are made.

Another possible improvement is to use a more efficient way of evaluating the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts in a way that allows for faster computation. However, the current code already uses numpy's correlate function, which is optimized.

Another idea is to increase the number of samples (n_points) to better approximate the continuous function. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. The initial setup uses n_points = 45 samples. Maybe increasing the number of points would allow for a more accurate approximation, but it would require more computation. However, the user wants to keep it under 1k samples, so perhaps using n_points around 200-300 could be manageable.

Wait, but the current code uses the n_points of the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values has 45 samples, then the code uses that. So, if we are allowed to vary n_points, perhaps we can test with higher numbers. But the problem requires that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe it's better to stick with the initial n_points.

Alternatively, perhaps the existing initial_h_values are not the best for the n_points used. For example, if the initial setup is for 45 samples, but a better solution exists with more samples, but the user says to keep it under 1k.

Another possibility is to use a different type of initial guess. For example, instead of starting from a random initial guess, perhaps use a piecewise constant function with specific patterns. For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 1 and 0, arranged in a way that minimizes overlap.

But how to determine that. Perhaps using a greedy algorithm: split the interval into segments and assign h=1 in a certain pattern to reduce overlap. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, perhaps using a Fourier-based approach. The problem involves correlations, which are related to Fourier transforms. So, perhaps designing h to have certain Fourier properties that minimize the overlap. However, this is quite abstract and may not be straightforward to implement.

Another idea: the overlap integral can be expressed as the integral of h(x) - h(x)h(x+k) dx. Which is equal to the integral of h(x) dx - the integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx. The integral of h(x) is 1, so the C₅ value is 1 - (integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx). So, minimizing the maximum of this quantity is equivalent to maximizing the minimal integral of h(x)h(x+k) dx.

Hmm, but this is just an alternative way of viewing the problem. It's not clear how to proceed from here.

Let me return to the original code. The code uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is not going far enough. Perhaps adding more iterations or better perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, the Powell method, which is a derivative-free optimization method. Or using the COBYLA method which handles bounds.

Another possible parameter tweak is to increase the number of iterations in the optimizer. For example, the current code's optimize.minimize has 'maxiter' set to 800. Perhaps increasing that would allow better convergence. However, the code's loop has 20 iterations, each running an optimizer with 800 steps. That's 16,000 steps total. But with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might be possible to increase the number of iterations or the maxiter.

Alternatively, adjusting the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters to make the optimizer stop earlier if it converges.

But without testing, it's hard to know. However, the existing code's performance is already not sufficient to reach the target. So, perhaps the main issue is the optimization method and the way the initial guess is handled.

Another idea: instead of using the initial guess as the starting point for each perturbation, we could use the best solution found so far as the starting point for the next iteration. This is what the code currently does. So, the code's perturbations are based on the initial guess, but the best solution so far is used in the next iteration. This is a form of hill-climbing with random perturbations.

To improve this, perhaps the code could generate multiple perturbations based on the current best solution, rather than just the initial guess. This way, the perturbations are more focused on the current good solution.

Another possible change: instead of adding a random normal perturbation to the initial guess, we could add a small random perturbation to the current best solution. This way, the search is more centered around the best solution found so far.

In the current code, the initial_guess is the initial_h_values, and then it's updated to the best solution. However, in the loop, the perturbation is based on the initial_guess, which is the initial_h_values. This might not be the best approach. Instead, the perturbation should be based on the current best solution to explore around that area.

So, modifying the code to perturb the current best solution each time, rather than the initial guess. That way, the optimization is focusing more on the promising regions.

Let me adjust that. For example, in each iteration, take the current best solution, add a small perturbation to it, and run the optimizer. This would allow the search to be more targeted.

Let me also think about the perturbation scale. The current code uses a uniform perturbation scale between 0.01 and 0.15. Maybe adjusting this scale over time, starting with larger perturbations to explore the space, then smaller ones to fine-tune.

But this is getting more into hyperparameter tuning, which could help.

Putting this together, I can modify the current code as follows:

- Use the current best solution as the base for perturbations, not the initial_guess.
- In each iteration, perturb the current best solution and run the optimizer.
- Adjust the perturbation scale to start large and decrease over time.

This would allow the algorithm to first explore the space more widely, then converge on better solutions.

Another adjustment: reducing the number of iterations in the optimizer. For example, in the current code, the optimizer has 'maxiter' set to 800, which might be too much for the time budget. Reducing that could allow more iterations in the main loop.

Also, the 'ftol' and 'eps' parameters could be adjusted to allow for quicker convergence.

Another possible improvement is to use a different method in scipy.optimize. For instance, the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method that might converge faster.

But the current code uses 'SLSQP', which handles constraints. 'L-BFGS-B' might be faster but may not handle the constraint as effectively.

Alternatively, the 'COBYLA' method could be used, which is also a bounded optimization method and handles constraints well.

In any case, the main idea is to adjust the optimization parameters and the perturbation approach.

Putting all this together, here's a plan for the modified code:

1. Use the current best solution as the base for perturbations in each iteration.
2. Instead of a fixed perturbation scale, vary it over time (e.g., larger first, smaller later).
3. Use a more efficient optimization method, such as 'L-BFGS-B' or 'COBYLA' which might have better convergence.
4. Increase the number of iterations in the main loop, but ensure the total time is within the budget.

Let me outline the code changes:

- The loop will run for more iterations (say, 50 instead of 20).
- In each iteration, the perturbation is based on the best solution found so far.
- The perturbation scale could be decreased over time.
- The optimizer's parameters are adjusted for faster convergence.

Now, translating this into code:

The original code's loop has:

for _ in range(20):
    perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.01, 0.15)
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
    perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)

But in this modified approach, initial_guess should be replaced with the current best solution. So, we need to adjust the code to use best_h instead of initial_guess.

Here's how the code could be updated:

- Start with the initial guess.
- In each iteration, take best_h as the base.
- Perturb best_h and run the optimizer.
- Update best_h based on the result.

Also, increasing the number of iterations in the main loop could help.

Another possible change is to use a different method in the optimizer. For example, changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B' which is faster.

But to keep the code compatible, we'll need to test.

Additionally, the 'maxiter' in the optimizer could be reduced to save time. For example, from 800 to 200.

Also, the 'ftol' and 'eps' could be adjusted to stop faster when convergence is reached.

Putting all this into code, the modified run function would look something like this:

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(50):  # More iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Perturb based on current best
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.005, 0.1)  # Smaller scale
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',  # Try a different method
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 200,  # Reduced
                'ftol': 1e-10,
                'eps': 1e-9,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But I'm not sure if this will improve the result. Alternatively, it could be possible that the 'SLSQP' method with certain parameters is better.

Another possible change: instead of a random perturb, use a grid search over the perturbation scale or other parameters.

Alternatively, use a combination of different methods: for example, first use a genetic algorithm to explore the space, then fine-tune using SLSQP.

But given the time constraints, implementing a genetic algorithm might not be feasible.

So, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing code with the changes discussed: using the current best solution for perturbations, adjusting the perturbation scale, and possibly changing the optimization method.

Another thing is the initial_h_values. The current code uses the initial guess as the starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a pattern that is known to reduce overlap, but without knowing the prior knowledge, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

- Using the current best solution as the base for perturbations.
- Using a smaller perturbation scale over time.
- Changing the optimizer method to something more efficient.
- Increasing the number of iterations in the main loop to explore more.

This should allow the algorithm to explore more of the solution space and find a better minimum.

Another important point is the evaluation of the best solution. The code currently evaluates the objective function after each optimization run, which is correct.

Now, let's code this into the function. Also, make sure to use the best_h in the perturbations.

Testing this in code would help, but since I can't run it, I'll proceed with this plan.

Another possible improvement is to use different random seeds for the perturbations to ensure that the search is not biased by the initial seed.

But with the given seed, the random seed is fixed, so it's not clear.

Thus, the final code would include these adjustments.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(50):  # Extended search
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.002, 0.05)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 300,
                'ftol': 1e-10,
                'eps': 1e-9,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```