<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants to improve the upper bound for C₅, which is related to the Erdős minimum overlap problem. The current best is 0.38085, and the goal is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe that's not the most effective way. 

Hmm, the initial setup uses a step function h over [0, 2] with a fixed number of points. The key is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, for each possible shift, we need to make sure this integral is as small as possible. 

The previous method randomly perturbs the initial guess and uses SLSQP to optimize. But maybe this can be improved. Perhaps using different optimization strategies. Also, the initial guess might be a local minimum, so starting from other points could help. 

Another thought: maybe using a more structured approach. For example, using a periodic function or splitting the interval into regions where h(x) is 0 or 1. But how to model that with step functions? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain patterns. 

Wait, the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the integrals. So maybe we need a h that has a balanced distribution, avoiding overlaps where h(x) and h(x +k) are both high. 

The current code uses 45 points. Maybe increasing the number of points could help, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, if the code can handle a few hundred points within the time budget, it might be worth considering. 

Alternative ideas: 

1. Use a genetic algorithm approach. Generate multiple candidate solutions, select the best ones, and evolve them. But the budget is tight, and genetic algorithms can be slow. 

2. Use a different optimization method. For example, simulated annealing or Bayesian optimization. But integrating those into the code might be complex. 

3. Instead of starting from the initial guess, generate several different starting points and optimize each, then select the best. This is what the current code does, but maybe with more variation in the starting points. 

4. Use a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation. The current code computes the full convolution and takes the maximum. But maybe there's a way to approximate or optimize this. 

Alternatively, what if we model the problem as an optimization with constraints on the integrals? Let's think: the problem requires that for all shifts k, the integral is less than some value C, and we need to find the minimal C. But solving this directly might be challenging. 

But since the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals, perhaps we can model it as a semi-infinite optimization problem, where we have to ensure that for all k, the integral is less than C. However, this is computationally expensive. 

Another angle: since the integrals involve shifts, the value of C depends on the shifts. For the interval [0,2], the relevant shifts k would be from 0 to 2. But how to handle this? 

Maybe the key is to find a function h that is as "balanced" as possible. For example, if h is designed to have high values in regions that are spaced apart, so that when you shift, the overlapping regions are minimized. 

Wait, in the previous code, the initial h is given. Maybe the initial construction is a good starting point, but to avoid local optima, we can try multiple perturbations. The current code does that with 20 iterations. But maybe using more diverse perturbations or different methods. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using a gradient descent approach with momentum or adaptive learning rates. But the current code uses SLSQP which is a local optimizer. 

Alternatively, can we use a coordinate descent approach, where we iteratively update each h[i] to minimize the maximum overlap? 

Wait, the problem is non-convex, so multiple local minima might exist. Therefore, it's important to use a good initial guess or perturbations to avoid getting stuck. 

Another idea: since the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx, maybe we can consider the integral over x where both h(x) and h(x +k) are high. So, to minimize this, h should avoid being high in overlapping regions. 

But how to model this. For example, if we can find a function h that spreads out the high regions so that their shifts don't overlap. 

Another approach: since the integral is over x, shifting by k, the maximum over k could be approximated by considering the maximum over certain key shifts. Maybe the worst-case shift is when k is such that the shifted regions overlap as much as possible. 

Alternatively, considering symmetries. Maybe the optimal function is symmetric in some way. For example, the initial h might have some symmetry, and we can enforce that in the optimization. 

But how to enforce that. For example, if h(x) is symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], then perhaps the overlap integral could be minimized. 

Wait, the initial h_values have 45 points. Let me think about how it's structured. If the initial h is a good starting point, maybe we can start there. But since the previous code achieved a C₅ of 0.381274, which is worse than the target, we need a better approach. 

Perhaps the previous code isn't exploring enough possibilities. Maybe it's better to use a different optimization method. For example, using a more global optimization technique like particle swarm optimization (PSO) or differential evolution (DE). 

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a combination of global and local steps. For example, first do some global search with DE, then refine with SLSQP. 

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the max of several functions (each shift k), maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach. But that could complicate things. 

Another idea: the overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Let's consider that integral. Let's denote the shift as k, then for each k, we can write this as:

Integral_{x} h(x) dx - Integral_{x} h(x) h(x +k) dx.

But the first term is the integral of h(x) over [0,2], which is 1. So the integral becomes 1 - Integral h(x) h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing this integral (which is C₅) would be equivalent to minimizing the integral of h(x) h(x +k) dx. 

Therefore, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum value of 1 - Integral h(x) h(x +k) dx over k. Which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of Integral h(x) h(x +k) dx. 

But how does this help? Well, perhaps the problem can be viewed as trying to maximize the minimum of the pairwise correlations. However, the maximum over k of the overlap integral is being minimized. 

But for the purpose of optimization, perhaps it's easier to think in terms of maximizing the minimum of the pairwise overlaps. 

But how to model that. 

Alternatively, since the integral for the shift k is a measure of the overlap between h and its shifted version, perhaps we can use a function h that is designed to have low pairwise overlaps. 

For example, if h is a function that takes values 0 or 1, then the integral would be zero for shifts that don't align. But with continuous functions, we need to find a balance. 

But the function h is a step function with n_points samples. 

Another idea: perhaps using a function h that is a combination of multiple intervals where it is 1 or 0. For example, if we can split the interval [0, 2] into several regions where h is 1 or 0, arranged such that overlapping shifts k do not result in high overlaps. 

For instance, suppose we have h(x) = 1 on several non-overlapping intervals, and 0 elsewhere. Then, the overlap integral for a shift k would be the sum of the lengths of the overlapping intervals. 

If the shifts are such that the overlapping regions are minimized, this could help. 

But how to model this with a step function. For example, if we have a pattern that repeats, such as a periodic function. 

Alternatively, think of the problem as similar to a covering code or packing problem. 

But perhaps this approach is too abstract. Let's think about optimization techniques. 

The previous code uses a perturbation method with SLSQP. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is a local minimum. So, trying different starting points or using a different optimization strategy might yield better results. 

What if we start from a different initial point? For example, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the constraints. Then perform optimization. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. SLSQP can be slow if the problem is large. Maybe using a different method like L-BFGS-B, which is a gradient-based method. 

But how to compute the gradient. The current code uses an objective function that returns the maximum of the correlation. However, for optimization, we need the gradient of this objective with respect to h. 

Computing the gradient could be difficult, but maybe it's possible. 

Alternatively, approximate the gradient using finite differences. 

But with the current code, the objective function is the max of the correlation values. The gradient with respect to h is the derivative of this max function. 

If we can find which shift k gives the maximum value, then the gradient for that shift can be computed. 

But during optimization, for each h, the maximum correlation occurs for some k. Let's call this k_max. Then, the gradient of the objective function is the derivative of the correlation for k_max with respect to h. 

So, perhaps for optimization, we need to compute the derivative for the k_max shift. 

This seems complicated. But maybe in practice, we can approximate it. 

Alternatively, use a numerical derivative with finite differences. 

But integrating this into the code would require modifying the optimize function. 

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several functions (each shift's integral), we can consider each shift's integral as a separate objective, and try to minimize their maximum. But this is the same as the original problem. 

Alternatively, we can use a penalty method where we penalize the maximum of the integrals. But the previous code already uses an objective function that is the maximum of these. 

Hmm. Maybe the problem is that with the current method, the perturbations aren't sufficient to escape the local minima. What if we try more diverse initial guesses? 

For example, in the previous code, the initial guess is based on the initial_h_values. But what if we generate multiple different starting points by varying the initial_h_values in different ways, then optimize each of them. 

Alternatively, use a more global optimization method. For instance, Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model. But implementing that in a short time might be challenging. 

Alternatively, use a multi-start approach with different initial points. 

But the current code already does this with perturbations. 

Another thought: the correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives the full convolution. The maximum of this is the value we want to minimize. However, for some shifts k, the shift may not be in the range of the full convolution. Wait, the full convolution for two sequences of length n points gives a result of length 2n-1. However, the shifts k in [0, 2] would correspond to certain positions in the correlation. 

But the code computes the maximum over all the correlations. 

Alternatively, maybe the code can precompute the relevant shifts. 

But perhaps the key is to find the optimal h such that all possible shifts have the overlap integral low. 

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of points, maybe try different numbers of points. However, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. 

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. If we can reduce the number of points, maybe the optimization would be faster. But the user's target is to get a better bound. 

Alternatively, using a different initial construction. For example, if the initial_h_values is not the best, perhaps using a different starting point can help. 

But the user says that initial_h_values is available, so we should use it. 

So, to improve on the previous code, maybe the following steps can be taken:

1. Use more diverse initial perturbations. Instead of adding random normal noise, maybe use different types of perturbations. For example, adding noise that is more structured, or varying the starting points in a different way.

2. Increase the number of optimization iterations or the number of different starting points. But given the time budget, this needs to be balanced.

3. Use a more efficient optimization method. For example, switching to a different optimization algorithm like Nelder-Mead, which is derivative-free and might explore the space better. Or using a combination of methods.

4. Use a more accurate gradient calculation to improve the optimization.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be reformulated as minimizing the maximum of several integrals, and using a different approach to model the constraints.

But how to implement this. 

Another idea: the integral for shift k is the same as the inner product of h and a shifted version of (1-h). But this is getting back to the same problem.

Another approach is to model the problem as a convolution. The integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is equal to the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k. So, the maximum of the convolution of h and (1 - h) over all shifts k, but scaled by dx.

Wait, the convolution of h and (1 - h) might be related to the cross-correlation. So, perhaps the maximum value of the cross-correlation is what we need to minimize. 

But how can this help in the optimization. 

In any case, the previous code uses an objective function that returns the maximum of the cross-correlation. The optimization is done with SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. 

So, to get better results, perhaps we can try different optimization strategies. 

Maybe using a global optimization algorithm. For example, the differential evolution (DE) algorithm from scipy.optimize. This is a population-based method that is good for finding global minima, but it's slower. However, given the time budget, maybe it's feasible to run for a limited number of iterations. 

Alternatively, use a combination of global and local methods. 

Let me think about how to implement differential evolution. 

The differential evolution algorithm works by maintaining a population of candidate solutions and iteratively improving them through mutation, crossover, and selection. 

Implementing this:

- Define the bounds for each h[i] as [0, 1].
- The constraint is that the sum of h[i] is fixed (n_points / 2).
- The objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. 

But how to handle the constraint in DE. DE requires bounds, but the constraint can be handled by ensuring that the sum is fixed. 

Wait, the DE algorithm can be modified to include constraints. But with the current setup, how can we ensure that the sum is fixed. 

One approach is to use a transformation that enforces the sum. For example, we can use the softmax function to map the values to probabilities that sum to 1. But this may not be ideal because the soft constraints can be tricky. 

Alternatively, we can use a constrained optimization approach where the sum is an equality constraint. 

But the DE method may not handle equality constraints directly. So, perhaps the constraint is handled by adding a penalty to the objective function. 

Wait, the objective function is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation, while the constraint is that the sum of h is fixed. So, we can use the DE algorithm with the constraint incorporated via a penalty term. 

For example, the objective function could be the maximum correlation plus a penalty term based on the sum of h deviating from the target. 

But this could be computationally expensive. 

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can enforce the constraint by adjusting the values. For example, in the DE algorithm, during the mutation and crossover steps, we can ensure that the sum remains the same. 

But this seems complex. 

Alternatively, since the user's code has an initial guess that satisfies the constraint, perhaps the DE algorithm can be modified to maintain the sum during the process. 

Another idea: since the objective function and constraints are separable in some way, we can generate candidate solutions that satisfy the sum constraint. For example, when generating new candidate solutions, we can normalize them so that their sum equals the target. 

But this might not be straightforward. 

Alternatively, the code can use a method that, during the DE steps, ensures that the sum is maintained. 

But for the sake of time and given the time budget, perhaps using a different optimization method like DE may not be feasible. 

Back to the original approach. Maybe the previous code can be improved by:

- Using more diverse perturbations. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, using different patterns. 
- Using more iterations or varying the perturbation parameters.
- Using a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B, which is a local optimizer but may converge faster. 

Alternatively, what if we use a more efficient way to compute the maximum correlation? The current code computes the full convolution, then takes the maximum. However, for each h, the maximum occurs at certain positions. Maybe we can precompute the relevant shifts that are most likely to give a high value. 

But this would require knowing which shifts are critical. 

Another thought: since the function is symmetric, maybe the maximum occurs at certain symmetrical shifts. For example, shifts of 1.0 or other values. However, this is speculative. 

Alternatively, given that the interval is [0,2], the possible shifts k can be from 0 to 2. The maximum of the correlation might be achieved at a shift that is a multiple of 0.5 or some other value. 

But how to exploit this. 

Another possible improvement is to use a gradient-based optimizer that targets the maximum correlation. But calculating the gradients is challenging. 

Alternatively, approximate the gradients using finite differences. 

In the previous code, the optimization uses the SLSQP method, which uses gradients. If the gradient is not provided, the method might use finite differences to approximate it. 

But the objective function's gradient might be non-smooth due to the max function. 

In any case, maybe the previous code can be modified to improve on the perturbations and optimization steps. 

An alternative approach to the code: instead of using SLSQP, perhaps use a genetic algorithm. 

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code, and given the time constraints, it's not clear. 

Alternatively, consider using a more efficient starting point. For example, starting with the initial_h_values and perturbing it more effectively. 

Perhaps the current code uses a perturbation step that is too small. What if we use larger perturbations for the initial steps and then smaller ones for refinement? 

Alternatively, use a random restart strategy, where after a certain number of epochs, we generate a new initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. 

Another idea: to use a different step function structure. For example, instead of a random step function, use a structured one. For instance, divide the interval [0,2] into several segments, and assign h(x) to be 1 in some segments and 0 in others. Then adjust the segments to minimize the overlap. 

But how to model this with the given code's structure. 

Alternatively, for a fixed number of points, generate h such that it has a certain pattern, like alternating high and low regions. 

But again, how to implement this. 

Another thought: the current code uses 45 points. What if we increase the number of points to, say, 50 or 100? The time budget is 100 seconds. Let's estimate the time per iteration. 

For example, with n_points=45, each optimization step may take some time. Increasing to 100 points would multiply the number of operations by roughly (100/45)^2, which is about 4.9. However, if the number of points is increased, the optimizations may take longer. 

But the user might prefer a solution with a smaller number of points. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code can use a smaller number of points (like 30) for faster optimization. 

However, the user's current code uses the initial_h_values, which has 45 points. So if we can find a better solution with 45 points, that's better than increasing the number of points. 

Another idea: instead of randomly perturbing the initial guess, use a grid search over possible perturbations. However, this would be too slow. 

Alternatively, use Bayesian optimization to select the best perturbations to try. 

But this is getting complicated. 

Perhaps the previous code can be adjusted by increasing the number of iterations, changing the perturbation parameters, or using a different optimization method. 

Let me think about the previous code. It runs 20 iterations, each with a perturbation and optimization. Maybe increasing the number of iterations would help. However, the time budget is 100 seconds. Let's say each iteration takes about 1 second. Then 20 iterations would take 20 seconds. If we increase it to 50 iterations, that's 50 seconds, and the code would have more chances to find a better solution. 

But the code currently runs for up to 20 iterations, with a check on the budget. 

Alternatively, the code could perturb the initial guess in different ways, such as varying the scale of the perturbation over time. For example, starting with larger perturbations and reducing them as the iterations progress. 

Another possible improvement is to compute the maximum correlation efficiently. The current code computes the full convolution and takes the maximum. But maybe there's a way to compute only the relevant parts of the convolution. However, this would require knowing which shifts are critical. 

Alternatively, we can precompute the shifts that are likely to give the maximum. For example, for a function h that is piecewise constant, the maximum overlap could be at shifts that align the intervals of h with their overlaps. 

But again, this is speculative. 

Another idea: the initial_h_values are given. Maybe by generating a few different initial guesses based on that, we can get better results. For example, creating variations of the initial guess that have different patterns, such as splitting the intervals into more or fewer segments. 

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. 

In conclusion, the previous code uses a perturb-and-optimize approach with SLSQP. To improve it, we can try:

- Increasing the number of optimization iterations or the variety of initial guesses.
- Using a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B or Nelder-Mead.
- Using different perturbation strategies, such as adding noise with varying scales or using structured perturbations.
- Perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function and its gradient.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to use more iterations and different perturbation strategies would be the most straightforward approach. 

So, the plan is to enhance the existing code by:
- Increasing the number of iterations (e.g., from 20 to 50).
- Changing the perturbation step to avoid getting stuck in local optima.
- Maybe using a different method like L-BFGS-B or other optimization algorithms.

Alternatively, switch to using a different optimization method like Nelder-Mead, which doesn't require gradients and can be more robust.

But the current code uses SLSQP with a constraint. If we switch to Nelder-Mead, we need to ensure that the constraint is handled. However, the constraint is sum(h) = target_sum. To handle this, we can adjust the algorithm to enforce the constraint. 

Another approach: add the constraint to the objective using a penalty term. For example, the objective function becomes the maximum correlation plus a penalty for the sum deviating from the target. 

This is a possible way to incorporate the constraint. 

So, modifying the code to include a penalty for the sum constraint:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    c5 = np.max(corr) * dx
    sum_penalty = 100 * np.abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)
    return c5 + sum_penalty

But the penalty coefficient needs to be chosen such that the constraint is enforced. 

However, this may lead to issues where the penalty dominates the objective, making the optimization difficult. 

Alternatively, the constraint can be handled via the optimization method. For example, using an optimizer that supports equality constraints. 

In the previous code, the SLSQP method is used with a constraint dictionary. So, the existing code already handles the constraint. 

Thus, the previous code's structure is correct in that regard. 

So, the main improvements would be:

- More iterations with better perturbation strategies.
- Maybe using a different optimization method for better exploration.

Thus, the revised code may increase the number of iterations and adjust the perturbation steps, perhaps using different types of random perturbations or more aggressive steps.

Let me outline the revised code:

- Use the same initial guess.
- Run more iterations (e.g., 50).
- Perturb the initial guess with different patterns, such as adding random noise with varying scales, or generating new initial guesses by modifying the existing one.
- Use a different optimization method, such as L-BFGS-B or Nelder-Mead, but since the SLSQP is already used, perhaps adjusting parameters like maxiter or ftol.

But the current code uses SLSQP with a tolerance. Perhaps increasing the maxiter in the optimize function may help. 

Alternatively, try using a different method, like L-BFGS-B, which may converge faster. 

But to implement that, the code would need to change the method parameter in optimize.minimize. 

Another idea: cross-validation. Instead of perturbing the initial guess, use the initial guess and optimize it with SLSQP, then perturb and optimize again. 

In any case, the code needs to be modified to possibly improve the results.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must run efficiently. 

So, here's the plan for the revised code:

- Use the same structure as before, but:

1. Increase the number of iterations to 50.
2. Use larger perturbations in the beginning and smaller in later iterations.
3. Use a more efficient optimization method, like L-BFGS-B or Nelder-Mead.
4. Ensure that the perturbations are varied to avoid local minima.

But implementing these changes may require code adjustments. 

In terms of the code, the current code uses perturbations with normal noise. To vary the perturbations, perhaps add different scales. For example, in early iterations, use larger standard deviations, and smaller as the iterations proceed. 

Alternatively, use different perturbation strategies for each iteration.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of iterations, track the progress and stop early if the c5 stops improving.

But the code currently has a loop that runs for up to 20 iterations. 

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess each time, use a different approach, like generating a new random initial guess that meets the sum constraint. 

But generating a new random guess may take time, and ensuring the sum is correct could be done by using a uniform random distribution and adjusting the final value to meet the sum. 

However, this might not be as effective as perturbing the existing guess. 

In conclusion, the revised code would likely involve increasing the number of iterations and adjusting the perturbation parameters to explore the solution space more thoroughly, while using the same SLSQP optimizer but with finer tuning of the optimization parameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Use different perturbation strategies and more iterations
    for iteration in range(50):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Larger perturbation for early iterations
        if iteration < 10:
            perturb_scale = 0.15
        elif iteration < 30:
            perturb_scale = 0.08
        else:
            perturb_scale = 0.04
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        # Use L-BFGS-B with tighter tolerances
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```