<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and I need to see if I can get lower than that. The problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral, which is computed as the max of the correlation between h and 1-h. 

The previous code used a genetic algorithm with perturbations and SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. It did some iterations with varying perturbations and tried to find a better minimum. However, the result wasn't as good as the target. 

Hmm, maybe the previous approach got stuck in a local minimum. I need to think of different strategies. Let's think about the constraints. The function h must integrate to 1 over [0,2], so the sum of h_values multiplied by dx equals 1. The correlation is calculated as the full convolution, which for each shift k gives the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). The maximum of these values is C₅. 

One idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe there's a pattern or structure in h that can be optimized. For example, maybe h should be designed to have evenly spaced regions where it's 1 and 0, to spread out the overlaps. But with the integral constraint, the number of 1's and 0's must be balanced. 

Another thought: the current method uses SLSQP with perturbations, but maybe that's not the most effective. What if I try a different optimization approach? Maybe using a genetic algorithm with more diversity, or simulated annealing. Or maybe a different initial guess. Wait, the initial guess is given via initial_h_values. If I can find a better starting point, that might help. 

Alternatively, maybe using a direct optimization approach with more sophisticated constraints. For instance, using a gradient-based method with multiple constraints. However, the function to minimize is non-smooth (due to the max over the correlation values), so gradient-based methods might have issues. 

Wait, the previous code uses the max of the correlation values as the objective. That's a bit tricky because the max is a non-differentiable function. So maybe the SLSQP method is having trouble finding the true minimum because of that. 

Another idea: instead of using the max, perhaps we can convert the problem into minimizing each of the correlation values individually, but that's not possible because the maximum is what we need to minimize. Maybe we can use a different formulation. 

Wait, perhaps the problem can be rephrased as an optimization problem where we minimize the maximum of several functions. This is a semi-infinite optimization problem, which might be difficult. However, since the correlation for different k's is computed over the same h, perhaps we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k's. 

But the current code uses the full convolution, which includes all k's. So the max is over all possible shifts k. However, in the actual problem, k would range over the entire real line, but in the discretized problem, it's over the sampled shifts. 

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs at certain shift positions. If I can find those positions, I might focus my optimization on those. 

But how to approach this? Let's think about the current approach. It starts with an initial guess and then perturbs it, using SLSQP. But perhaps the problem is that the initial guess is not good enough, leading to local minima. 

Another approach: use a more global optimization method. For example, particle swarm optimization (PSO) or genetic algorithms. But those are more computationally intensive. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so maybe we can find a way to implement a more efficient global search. 

Wait, the user provided the previous code which uses SLSQP with some perturbations. Maybe I can try a different optimizer, like COBYLA, which handles bounds more effectively. Or maybe use a different strategy for perturbations. 

Alternatively, perhaps the initial guess is not the best. The problem states that initial_h_values is available. If I can generate a better initial guess, maybe by modifying the existing one. For example, maybe the initial guess has certain patterns that can be adjusted. 

Another thought: the current code uses a loop for 20 iterations, each time perturbing the current best guess. Maybe instead of perturbing randomly, we can sample multiple points and do a local optimization from each. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different step size or learning rate for the perturbations. Maybe the perturbations are too small or too large. 

Wait, the code uses a loop where each iteration applies a random perturbation. The perturbation is a normal distribution with a scale that varies between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe adjusting these values could help. However, the previous code didn't get the desired result. 

Another angle: the problem is similar to optimizing a function with a maximum over multiple terms. This is often referred to as a min-max optimization problem. There are some methods for handling such problems, like using subgradients or other techniques. However, integrating that into the code might be complex. 

Alternatively, what if we consider the correlation values for different k's and try to minimize each one. For example, maybe we can use a robust optimization approach where we try to minimize the maximum of several terms, which can be handled by adding constraints. 

But how to enforce that the maximum is minimized. One approach is to minimize an upper bound of the maximum. For example, we could minimize a variable C such that for each k, the correlation for that k is less than or equal to C. Then, the problem becomes minimizing C with the constraints that the correlation for each k is ≤ C. This is a convex optimization problem if the correlation function is convex in h, but I'm not sure. 

However, the correlation for each k is a linear function in h? Let's see. For a fixed k, the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) over x. Let's make a substitution. Let y = x + k, then x = y - k. The integral becomes the integral over y of h(y - k) * (1 - h(y)) dy. But h is defined over [0,2]. So for each k, the integral is over the overlapping region of the two intervals. 

But the integral is a bilinear form in h. For each term, it's linear in h, but when you consider multiple terms (for different shifts), it's a non-convex problem. 

Hmm, maybe using a semidefinite programming approach is not feasible here. 

Another idea: since the problem is about overlaps, perhaps the optimal h function is periodic or has a certain symmetry. For example, maybe h has a pattern that repeats every certain interval, leading to a uniform distribution of overlaps. 

Alternatively, if h is a step function with certain intervals set to 0 or 1, perhaps there's an optimal way to arrange those intervals to minimize the maximum overlap. 

For example, with the given integral constraint, the area under h is 1. So if the function is piecewise constant, the number of 1's and 0's must be balanced. For instance, if there are m intervals where h is 1, then the total area would be sum of the lengths of these intervals. 

But designing such a pattern optimally is challenging. 

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: start with the initial guess and iteratively adjust the values to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, for each shift k, compute the overlap and adjust the h values in regions that contribute the most to the overlap. 

But this seems like an ad-hoc approach and may not be efficient. 

Alternatively, considering that the previous approach didn't improve the result, maybe we need to change the initial guess. For instance, instead of using the initial_h_values provided, perhaps generating a different initial guess that's more optimized. 

Wait, the initial_h_values are available. If the user's current initial guess isn't good, maybe we can generate a better one. For example, filling the initial_h_values with a certain pattern that spreads the 1's and 0's more evenly. 

But how to generate that pattern? Maybe using a grid-based approach where the h samples are arranged to alternate between 0 and 1 in a way that balances the overlaps. 

Alternatively, maybe using a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. However, this might not be effective. 

Another thought: the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining it with a global optimizer, like using a genetic algorithm to sample the search space and then using SLSQP to refine the solution. 

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, that might be possible. For example, running a genetic algorithm with a population of several individuals and then performing local optimization on each. However, implementing this would require more code and time. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradient information. 

Wait, the previous code used SLSQP with constraints. Maybe trying a different method, like 'L-BFGS-B', which is another local optimizer. For example, could that find a better minimum? 

But I need to think about the feasibility of that. Also, considering that the objective function involves a max of several terms, which is not smooth, so gradient-based methods may not work well. 

Another idea: the maximum value is determined by the largest overlap. So, perhaps the optimal h is such that all overlaps are equal. If we can achieve that, then the maximum would be as low as possible. 

But how to find such an h? It's a system of equations that might not have an exact solution, but maybe approximating it would help. 

Alternatively, if we can find that for a certain h, the maximum overlap is minimized, that would be ideal. 

But how to model this? Maybe by setting up constraints that for each k, the overlap is less than or equal to a certain value C. Then, minimize C subject to the integration constraint and these other constraints. 

This would be a convex optimization problem in the case where the correlation is linear in h. But the problem is that for each k, the correlation is a bilinear function in h, making it non-convex. 

But perhaps for certain values of k, the constraint can be linearized. However, this may not be feasible. 

Alternatively, maybe the maximum overlap occurs for a small number of k's, so instead of considering all possible k's, just a few key values. For example, considering k's that are multiples of a certain base interval. 

But since the problem allows for any k, it's unclear which ones to focus on. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is likely to occur for k values that are not too large. For example, in the interval [0, 2], the maximum overlap may occur at k values where the two functions overlap maximally. 

But again, this is speculative. 

Another approach: since the previous code's result wasn't optimal, maybe there's a different way to structure the optimization. For instance, using a different initial guess, like a more even distribution of 1's and 0's. 

Wait, the initial_h_values have a certain structure. Maybe modifying that structure could help. For example, if the initial guess has regions where h is 1 followed by 0, and those regions are spaced out. 

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not the best and can be improved by some transformation. For example, applying a smoothing filter or adjusting the positions of the 1's and 0's. 

But again, how to implement this without knowing the exact structure? 

Hmm. Let's think about the code again. The previous approach uses an initial guess and then does some perturbation and optimization steps. The time is limited to 100 seconds. 

Maybe the problem is that the SLSQP method is not efficient enough for the problem's structure. What if we use a different optimization library? The user mentioned using scipy, numpy, and other solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. 

Wait, the user has access to CVXOPT, which is a convex optimization solver. However, the problem is non-convex, so that might not help directly. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different strategy for the optimization. For example, using a multi-start approach where we randomly generate multiple initial guesses and then perform the optimization on each. 

But with the time budget, trying multiple initial guesses could be feasible. 

Alternatively, combining the previous approach with some global search steps. 

Wait, the current code uses a loop that runs for 20 iterations, each with a perturbation. Maybe we can instead of Perturbing and optimizing each iteration, use a different method. For example, in each iteration, generate several perturbed versions and optimize them. 

Another idea: instead of using the max of the correlation as the objective, maybe we can use the sum of the correlations, but that would not directly help. 

Alternatively, since the max is the main concern, perhaps we can use a penalty method where we add a penalty for the maximum correlation value. However, that's similar to the existing approach. 

Alternatively, maybe we can use a custom gradient. But since the function is not differentiable, this might not be straightforward. 

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (20) and varies the perturbations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of perturbations could help. Or vice versa. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient perturbation method. For example, instead of adding random noise, perhaps using a more structured approach to perturb the initial guess. 

But I'm not sure. 

Wait, the previous code's result was C₅ bound of 0.381219, which is slightly higher than the target of 0.38085. So there's room for improvement. 

Maybe the code needs to find a better initial guess. For example, if I can create a different initial guess than the one provided by initial_h_values. 

But the user says that initial_h_values is available and we should use it. So I can't generate my own. 

Wait, the user says that if no parent construction exists, create a starting vector. But since there is one, we must use it. 

So perhaps the initial guess is not the best, but the user wants us to start from there. 

Another idea: instead of using a single perturbation, perform a Bayesian optimization approach to find the optimal h values. However, implementing that within the time budget may be challenging. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize, which handles bounds and constraints. 

But the previous code uses 'SLSQP'. Let's think about the disadvantages. 'SLSQP' requires the gradient, which for a non-smooth objective may not be accurate. 

Hmm. Let me think about the objective function again. The objective is the maximum of the correlation values. This function is non-differentiable, so the gradient may be difficult to compute. But scipy.optimize's method may still try to approximate it. 

Alternatively, perhaps we can sample the correlation values for a certain number of k's, and use the maximum of those as a proxy. For example, if we can somehow find the k's where the overlap is likely to be maximum, we can focus on those. 

But how? 

Alternatively, the maximum overlap could be achieved for certain k's, like k=0, k=1, or k=2. Let's think. For k=0, the overlap is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x)), which is the same as the integral of h(x) - h(x)^2. This is minimized when h(x) is either 0 or 1, but due to the integral constraint, this is balanced. 

For other k's, like k=1, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+1)). So for this, the overlapping regions are where x is in [0, 2 - 1], i.e., [0,1]. So the integral is over x in [0,1], and the value x+1 is in [1, 2]. 

If I can find a way to balance these overlaps, maybe through a periodic pattern. 

But again, how to code this. 

Perhaps the code can be modified to use a better optimizer. For example, switching to the 'L-BFGS-B' method. However, that requires the gradient. 

But even so, the function's non-differentiability makes this approach problematic. 

Alternatively, using a different objective function approximation. For example, using a smoothed version of the max function. 

But I'm not sure. 

Another idea: use the fact that the maximum of the correlation values can be approximated by sampling a large number of k's. For example, instead of using all possible k's, sample a few and take the maximum. This reduces the computational load. 

But in the code, the correlation is computed as the full convolution, which for n_points samples would have a certain number of points. However, the maximum is computed over all of them. 

So if the previous code's objective function is correctly implemented, then the current approach is correct. 

Wait, the code uses np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The full mode returns the convolution with the same length as the input. Let me think: for two vectors of length n, the full convolution has length 2n - 1. But the actual overlap for each shift k would be the value at position k in the result. However, the maximum of these values is the C₅. 

But the current code multiplies the result by dx to get the correct integral. 

So the code is correct in that aspect. 

Hmm. Given that, maybe the problem is the optimization approach. 

The previous code uses perturbations and sequential optimization. Maybe that's too localized. Let's think of alternative methods. 

What if we use a different initial guess? Well, the user says that initial_h_values are available, and we should use them. 

Another idea: use a more efficient optimization library, like using the 'Linear Programming' approach with a better solver. But the problem is non-linear, so that's not applicable. 

Alternatively, consider using a different numerical optimization strategy, like simulated annealing. 

Simulated annealing is a global optimization technique that can escape local minima. This might be more effective in exploring the search space. However, implementing it may take more time. 

But with the 100-second budget, perhaps it's possible. 

Simulated annealing works by randomly perturbing the current solution and accepting worse solutions with a certain probability, which decreases over time. 

So, how to implement this. 

Let me think about the steps:

1. Initialize h with the initial guess.

2. Define a cooling schedule and initial temperature.

3. For a number of iterations:

   a. Perturb h slightly.

   b. Compute the objective (C₅) for the perturbed h.

   c. Accept the perturbed h if it improves the objective or with some probability otherwise.

4. After cooling, return the best solution found.

This could potentially find better solutions than the previous approach. 

However, implementing this would require more code lines and careful handling of the parameters. 

But since the time is limited, this might be feasible. 

Alternatively, the previous code could be modified to use a different method, like simulated annealing. 

But how to implement that quickly. 

Let me outline the steps:

- Define the initial guess.

- Set up a cooling schedule (like exponential decay).

- For each step, generate a perturbed version of h.

- Compute the objective.

- Accept the new h if the objective is better, or with probability based on the temperature.

- Track the best solution found.

But the temperature schedule and parameters (like the perturbation size, number of iterations, etc.) would need to be tuned. 

However, this could potentially explore the solution space more thoroughly than the previous approach. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can adaptively choose the next perturbation to explore. 

But implementing Bayesian optimization is more complex. 

Another idea: the current code uses the same initial guess for all iterations, but the perturbations are random. Perhaps instead of using the same guess, after each iteration, the best solution is used as the new initial guess for the next perturbation. 

Wait, the previous code does that. It uses the best_h from previous iterations as the initial guess for the next perturbations. 

But maybe we can vary the perturbation strategy. For example, using larger perturbations early on and smaller perturbations later. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient perturbation method, like gradient-based perturbations based on the derivative of the objective function. 

But since the objective is non-smooth, computing the gradient is difficult. 

Another approach: use a different optimizer, like the 'SLSQP' method with more iterations. However, the previous code already has a loop with 20 iterations and 1000 maxiter for each. 

Hmm. Perhaps the previous code's issue is that the perturbations are not sufficient to find better solutions. 

Let me think: the perturbations are added with a random normal distribution, scaled between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe increasing the perturbation size early on could help escape local minima. 

Alternatively, the previous code's perturbations are too small and may not explore enough. 

Another idea: use a more exploratory approach by using diverse starting points. For example, instead of perturbing the current guess, generate several random guesses that satisfy the sum constraint and then optimize each using SLSQP. 

But with limited time, generating many random guesses may not be feasible. 

Alternatively, generate a few random guesses and optimize them. 

But again, time is a constraint. 

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (20), but perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help. However, the budget is limited to 100 seconds. 

Let me think about the previous code's performance. Each iteration has an optimize.minimize call with maxiter=1000. Each iteration might take some time. 

If each iteration takes, say, 5 seconds, then 20 iterations would take 100 seconds, which is the budget. But maybe it's taking less time. 

But regardless, perhaps optimizing more thoroughly could help. 

Alternatively, instead of using perturbations, we could sample other perturbation strategies. For example, targeting regions where the overlap is high. 

But how? 

Maybe for the current solution, compute the correlation for each k, and then determine which regions of h contribute most to the overlap. Then, perturb those regions. 

But again, implementing this would require additional code. 

Another idea: the maximum overlap is likely to be determined by a few k's. So, we can focus on those k's and try to reduce their overlap. For example, for the current solution, identify the k with the highest overlap and then adjust h to reduce that particular overlap. 

But how to implement this. 

Perhaps, for each iteration, compute the maximum overlap k, and then perform a local optimization that minimizes the overlap for that k, while maintaining the integral constraint. 

However, this is a different objective, and might not lead to the global minimum. 

But it could be a way to iteratively improve the solution. 

For example:

1. Start with the initial guess.

2. Compute the correlation for all k and find the maximum k.

3. Use SLSQP to minimize the overlap for that specific k, while maintaining the integral constraint. 

4. Repeat this process, each time choosing the current maximum k. 

This could potentially reduce the maximum overlap gradually. 

However, this approach might get stuck in a local minimum where the overlap for that particular k is reduced, but another k's overlap becomes larger. 

But it's worth trying. 

So, modifying the previous code to instead of perturbing the current guess, focus on minimizing the current maximum overlap. 

Alternatively, combining this idea with the previous approach. 

But again, this requires changes to the code. 

At this point, I think the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer, like simulated annealing, or to try a different optimization strategy. 

However, given the time constraints and the complexity, perhaps the most effective approach is to use a more efficient optimization method, like changing the optimizer to COBYLA or using a different strategy. 

Alternatively, since the previous code used SLSQP with perturbations, perhaps the issue is that the perturbations are too small. Increasing the perturbation size or using larger perturbations in the early iterations could help escape local minima. 

So, modifying the previous code to have higher initial perturbation scales and then gradually decreasing them. 

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, generate multiple perturbations and optimize each with SLSQP, then pick the best result. 

But this is what the previous code is doing. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess, like a uniform distribution. 

But the user's initial_h_values are provided and should be used. 

Another thought: the previous code has a 'constraint_sum' function that enforces the integral constraint. Maybe changing the way the constraints are handled could help. 

Alternatively, using a different method to handle the constraints. For example, in SLSQP, the constraints are handled as equality constraints. 

But that's what the code already does. 

Hmm. Well, given that I'm time-constrained, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer, such as the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded optimization method, or 'SLSQP' with more iterations. 

Alternatively, use the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints. 

Let me try modifying the code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP. 

But I need to check if that's feasible. 

So, changing the optimize.minimize call to use method='COBYLA'. 

Also, adjusting the perturbation scale. 

Let me see: the previous code uses a perturbation scale between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe increasing that to 0.05-0.1. 

But I'll need to adjust this. 

Alternatively, using a larger perturbation scale to explore more of the search space. 

So, the modified code would have:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='COBYLA',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

But I'm not sure if COBYLA would be better here. 

Alternatively, using 'Nelder-Mead' which is a derivative-free method. 

But Nelder-Mead might not handle constraints well. 

Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' but with more iterations. 

In the previous code, each iteration runs optimize.minimize with maxiter=1000. Maybe the number of iterations can be increased or the perturbations can be more diverse. 

Another idea: instead of using a fixed perturbation scale, vary it over iterations. For example, start with larger perturbations to explore the space and then decrease.

But how to implement that. 

In the previous code, perturb_scale is random between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe changing that to start with larger values, like 0.05 to 0.1 in the first few iterations, and then decrease. 

But implementing that would require modifying the perturb_scale generation. 

Alternatively, using a single large perturbation for the first iteration, then smaller ones. 

But again, this is just speculation. 

At this point, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer, like COBYLA, and increase the perturbation scale. 

So, adjusting the code to use COBYLA, change the perturbation scale, and possibly increase the number of iterations. 

But how to do that. 

Let me outline the changes:

- Change the method to 'COBYLA'.

- Increase the perturbation scale to a higher range, say 0.05 to 0.1.

- Increase the number of iterations in the loop. 

But I'll have to balance the time. 

Another possibility: since the current code's iterations are 20, and the budget is 100 seconds, each iteration might take about 5 seconds. Increasing the number of iterations to 50 would take 250 seconds, which is over the budget. So it's better to keep the number of iterations low but optimize the per-iteration performance. 

Alternatively, reduce the number of iterations and focus on more effective perturbations. 

Hmm. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation in the perturbed_guess. Maybe instead of adding a normal distribution, use a uniform perturbation. 

But this is just another way to generate perturbations. 

Given all these considerations, I think the best way to proceed is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer (e.g., 'COBYLA') and adjust the perturbation parameters. 

Let me adjust the code accordingly. 

So, the modified code would:

- Use the initial guess.

- In each iteration, perturb it with a larger scale.

- Use COBYLA as the optimization method.

- Track the best solution.

This changes the code's approach to a different optimizer. 

Also, for the perturbations, changing the scale to be larger. 

Additionally, I can try using more diverse perturbations. 

But without testing, it's hard to know if this will work. 

In the end, the code would look something like this. 

Another idea: use a different initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values. but this would require changing the initial guess, which the user says is available. 

But the user says to use initial_h_values directly, so I can't change it. 

So, to sum up, the plan is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer (COBYLA), increase the perturbation scale, and see if it can find a better solution. 

Now, implementing this in code. 

The code would look like:

import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use COBYLA and larger perturbations
    for _ in range(20):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Vary perturbation strength over iterations
        # Increase perturbation scale
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.05, 0.1)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 1000, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But I'm not sure if this will work better. 

Wait, COBYLA is a derivative-free method, which might handle the non-smooth objective better. 

Alternatively, using another method. 

Another possible change: increasing the number of iterations in the loop. 

But the previous code had 20 iterations. 

Alternatively, using simulated annealing. 

But implementing simulated annealing would take more code. 

However, given the time, perhaps it's better to proceed with the modified SLSQP with larger perturbations. 

Alternatively, if the code uses a different optimizer and perturbation strategy, it might find a better C₅ bound. 

Another thing to note: the previous code may not be using enough iterations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or iterations could help. 

But with the 100s budget, it's a balance. 

In the end, the code will be similar to the previous one but with changes to the optimizer and perturbations. 

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a gradient-based perturbation. For example, for the current solution, compute the correlation values and adjust the h values in regions where the overlap is high. 

But again, this would require more detailed code. 

At this point, I think I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use COBYLA and larger perturbations, and see if that helps. 

So, the final code would be similar to the previous code but with the changes outlined above. 

Another adjustment: the previous code uses 20 iterations. Maybe reducing that to 10 and increasing the perturbation scale. 

But this is just a guess. 

In conclusion, the strategy is to modify the previous code to use a different optimizer and adjust perturbation parameters to explore the search space more effectively.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(15):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Coarse perturbation early, fine perturbation later
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.05, 0.15)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-9}
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```