<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The goal is to find a step function h that minimizes the overlap integral, which is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The previous code used an initial guess and perturbations with SLSQP optimization, but maybe I can do better.

First, let's understand the problem. The overlap integral is essentially measuring the maximum overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by different k values. To minimize this maximum value, we need h to be as "spread out" as possible. The previous approach used a gradient-based method, but maybe there's a better way. Maybe using a more efficient optimization strategy or a different initial guess.

The initial code starts with initial_h_values, which is a 45-point array. The user wants to try different starting points to avoid local optima. So perhaps generating different initial configurations could help. But how?

Another idea: perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe a global optimization method could find better solutions, but they are usually slower. However, the time budget is limited to 100 seconds, so maybe using a hybrid approach: starting with a good initial guess and then local optimization.

Also, the previous code uses perturbations by adding random noise, but maybe there's a smarter way to perturb. For example, maybe using a more structured perturbation, like swapping values or adjusting based on some criteria.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function h that avoids having high overlaps with its shifted versions. This is related to coding theory or pulse shaping in communications. Maybe designing h as a periodic or quasi-periodic function. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a regular pattern, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But with the integral over [0,2] equal to 1, which is 0.5 per unit length, so h needs to average 0.5 over the interval. So maybe a function that is a combination of pulses or rectangles that spread out the 1's and 0's.

Another approach is to model h as a piecewise constant function with certain intervals, then optimize the positions and widths of these intervals. However, this might be too complex for an optimization problem with 1000 points.

Alternatively, since the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', the overlap for each k is the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For each k, this is the same as the sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) * dx. The maximum of these maxima is what needs to be minimized.

Maybe there's a way to model this as a convex optimization problem? Or at least a more tractable one. However, the function to minimize is non-convex. So convex methods may not work. SLSQP is a local method, which might not find the global minimum.

Let me think about the previous implementation. It started with the initial guess, then perturbed it and ran SLSQP. Maybe to improve, I can use more sophisticated sampling or a better initial guess. Alternatively, use a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, but these are more computationally expensive. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, maybe we can try a few iterations.

Another idea: the current best is C₅ ≈ 0.38085. The target is to get lower than 0.380876. So even a small improvement would count. Perhaps trying different starting points. For example, if the initial_h_values is already good, but maybe using a different structure. Like a more evenly spaced pattern.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h might have a certain symmetry. For instance, in the interval [0,2], maybe h is symmetric around 1.0, so that the function is periodic or reflects in some way. For example, if h(x) = 1 - h(2 - x), which could help in distributing the values more evenly.

Another thought: The problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to place intervals (or regions where h=1) such that their shifts don't overlap too much. The integral constraint requires that the total length (sum of intervals) is 1, since the integral over [0,2] is 1. So the total area under h is 1, which for a step function with n_points samples means sum(h) * dx = 1. Therefore, sum(h) = n_points / 2.

So, the problem reduces to placing points in [0,2] such that when you shift them by k, the overlap with the complement (1 - h) is minimized. Maybe using a grid where h is 1 in certain positions and 0 in others, arranged in a way that the overlaps with shifted versions are minimized.

But how to generate such a pattern? Maybe using a binary representation with 0s and 1s, but ensuring the sum is correct. However, the initial code is using a continuous (or at least piecewise constant) function, so maybe not binary.

Alternatively, approach it as a binary optimization problem where each h[i] is either 0 or 1. Then, the problem becomes placing exactly n_points / 2 ones (since sum(h) = n_points/2) in the array such that the maximum overlap over all shifts is minimized. However, this approach is NP-hard, so for larger n_points it's not feasible. But perhaps for small n_points, it's manageable. However, the current code uses a small n_points (like 45), so maybe a binary approach could work. However, the previous code uses floating points, which might allow for better optimization.

Wait, the problem allows h(x) to be between 0 and 1, not necessarily binary. So perhaps allowing for intermediate values can help reduce the maximum overlap.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the same as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)) dx. For a fixed k, this is the same as the integral over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x)) dx - integral over x of h(x) * h(x + k) dx. Wait, no. Let me think again. 1 - h(x + k) is the complement of h at x +k. So integrating over x, the overlap for a particular k would be the integral of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) dx. The total over all x would be the same as integrating over x from 0 to 2 -k, or something like that, depending on the shift k.

But the maximum over k of these integrals is what we need to minimize. So for each shift k, the chance that the function h and its shifted version 1 - h overlap is what we need to reduce.

But how do I model this? It's challenging.

Perhaps the previous code's approach is a good start. However, to improve, perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters or using a different optimization strategy. For example, using a more efficient local search, or using a different starting point.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available, so maybe using a different starting point is better. For example, generating a starting guess that's more spread out, or symmetric.

Another thought: Since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe we can use a dual approach. For example, for a given k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k))dx. If we can find h such that this is minimized for all k. But since k is varying, it's a challenging constraint.

Alternatively, consider that for k=0, the overlap is zero, since 1 - h(x) is the complement. For k=2, the integral becomes the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+2))dx, but since x +2 goes beyond 2, the integral is over x in [0,0], which is zero. Wait, no. The integral over x is from 0 to 2, but when x +k is beyond 2, the value of h(x +k) is zero? Or how is the function defined?

Actually, the original problem defines the function h: [0,2] → [0,1]. So for k such that x +k is outside of [0,2], how is 1 - h(x +k) handled? In the evaluation, they use np.correlate with mode 'full', which means that for each shift k, the correlation is computed over the overlapping regions. So for the overlap integral, when k is such that the shifted function is outside the original interval, the integral is over the overlapping part. So for example, if k=0.5, then the integral is over x from 0 to 1.5, because x + 0.5 ranges up to 2. So in the code, the correlation is calculated with 'full' mode, which includes the full length of the convolution, so the overlapping regions are considered. Therefore, when k is such that the shifted function is outside, the integral is over the overlapping part.

But how does this affect the maximum? The maximum C₅ is taken over all k, which could range from -2 to 2 (if considering the function over all possible shifts). But since the function is periodic? Not sure. But for the code, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. The actual maximum would be over all possible shifts k such that there's an overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k.

But for our purposes, the code computes the maximum over all these correlations and then multiplies by dx, which is the step size.

So, to minimize this maximum, the function h needs to be designed such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the complement is minimized.

An alternative approach could be to use a method that models the function h as a periodic function with certain properties. For example, using a sine or cosine function with certain phases, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, this might be tricky.

Another idea is to use the fact that for an optimal h, the overlap for all k should be as small as possible. So perhaps choosing h to be a constant function would be bad, since it would have high overlaps. Alternatively, choosing h to be periodic, like a square wave that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint. However, with the integral being exactly 1 over [0,2], which is 0.5 per unit length. So a square wave that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other would do. But such a function would have overlaps with shifted versions. For example, shifting by half the period would give a higher overlap. So maybe the optimal h is something like a square wave but with more complex shaping.

But for a 45-point array, it's not straightforward. Let me think: the initial_h_values is given. Maybe that's a good starting point, but perhaps it can be improved by using a different structure.

Another approach is to look for symmetry in the optimal function. For example, if the optimal function is symmetric around x = 1, then shifting by 1 would give the same overlap. This could reduce the number of shifts that need to be considered for optimization. However, this is just a hypothesis.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the classical problem of minimizing the maximum inner product between a vector and its shifted versions, which is related to the concept of a set of vectors with low coherence. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly here.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to refine the previous approach by using more sophisticated optimization techniques. For example, using a different optimization method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is a derivative-free local optimizer. Or, using a combination of methods: starting with a random initial guess, then refining with SLSQP.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach, where multiple initial guesses are tried, and the best is selected. However, this might be computationally expensive.

Another possible adjustment is to use a better initial guess. The initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but perhaps generating a different starting configuration could yield better results. For instance, creating a more evenly spaced function, like a sine wave or a piecewise linear function that covers the [0,2] interval in a way that balances the 1s and 0s.

Alternatively, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (20 iterations), but maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation strength could help. Also, maybe using a different noise distribution, like a uniform distribution instead of normal.

Wait, the previous code uses a perturbation scale that varies between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe adjusting this scale could help in exploring the search space more effectively. Also, perhaps using a different method, like a genetic algorithm with mutation and crossover, but again, this may be too slow for the given budget.

Given the time constraint, maybe the best way is to modify the previous code to improve the optimization process. Let's think:

1. Use a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a different method, but given that SLSQP is already used, perhaps we can tweak its parameters.

2. Use more sophisticated initial guesses. The initial guess is the initial_h_values. But maybe generating a different starting point could help. For instance, a function that is symmetric, or has certain intervals where it's 0 and 1.

Wait, the user mentioned that if initial_h_values is available, I should use it directly. So I can't modify it. However, maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values. For example, creating a starting point that's more spread out.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good starting point. So the code as is uses that. Maybe the key is to improve the optimization process.

Another idea: in the previous code, the perturbations are added to the initial_guess. However, after some iterations, the initial_guess is updated to the best found so far. Perhaps instead of adding perturbations to the initial_guess, adding them to the best solution found so far would be better. So each iteration uses the best solution so far as the base for perturbation.

Also, the code runs for 20 iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, how long does each iteration take? If each iteration takes say 5 seconds, 20 iterations would be 100 seconds. So the code is already using all the time for 20 iterations. To increase the number of iterations would require reducing the time per iteration, which may not be possible without changing the method.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, which is a quasi-Newton method, and is more efficient for certain problems. However, the constraints here are equality constraints (sum of h is fixed) and bounds on each h[i].

In the current code, the constraints are handled via the method 'SLSQP' with an equality constraint. Maybe using a different solver, like 'COBYLA' which can handle bounds and equality constraints more efficiently. Or using 'SNOPT' which is a commercial solver. However, the available solvers are scipy's, and the code is using SLSQP.

Another possible adjustment is to use an augmented Lagrangian method, which can be more robust. But I'm not sure how to implement that in scipy.

Alternatively, using a more efficient objective function. The current code computes the correlation for each perturbed guess and finds the maximum. However, this is computationally expensive if done many times. But with the current code, the objective function is called once per iteration for each perturbation.

Wait, the code uses optimize.minimize with the objective function. The objective function is the maximum of the correlation, which is non-smooth. This might make the SLSQP method not perform well, as it requires gradients. Perhaps using a different approach, like using a smooth approximation to the max function. However, this would complicate the code.

Alternatively, the current code may be stopping too early. The previous code has a for loop that stops when the budget is exceeded, but maybe it's not using the time efficiently. For example, if the perturbations are not sufficient, maybe using a different strategy, like simulated annealing.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best path is to adjust the previous code's parameters and methods to improve the optimization process.

Let me outline possible changes:

1. Change the optimization method to COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might handle the bounds and equality constraints more efficiently.

2. Adjust the perturbation method to use different scales or more effective perturbations.

3. Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations tried.

4. Use the best solution found so far as the initial guess for subsequent iterations.

5. Improve the initial_guess by generating a better starting point, perhaps by using a symmetric or evenly spaced function.

But how to generate a better initial_guess without knowing the initial_h_values?

Alternatively, the initial_h_values could be a starting point, but maybe modifying it to have better properties. For example, if the initial_h_values has high variance, perhaps smoothing it.

Another idea: the optimal h is such that the overlap for all k is equal, which would imply that the maximum is minimized. This is similar to a uniform distribution of the overlap. However, this is a theoretical idea, and how to achieve it in practice is unclear.

Another thought: the overlap integral is equivalent to the inner product between h and (1 - h(· +k)). So, if we can minimize the maximum inner product of h with its shifted versions, then we have our desired function. This is related to the concept of a set of functions with low coherence in signal processing.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a quadratic optimization problem. However, the objective is non-convex and may not be tractable.

Another possible improvement: using a different starting guess that is more evenly spread. For instance, dividing the interval [0,2] into segments and setting h to 1 in certain positions. For example, if the function h is 1 in certain intervals and 0 otherwise, then the overlap can be computed. However, the initial code allows for a continuous function, not just binary vectors, which may allow for better optimization.

Given that, perhaps the previous code is the best approach, but with some tweaks.

Let me think about the code:

The code uses a for loop that runs 20 times, each time adding a random perturbation to the current best guess and then doing an SLSQP optimization. The new guess is then compared to the best so far. The problem is that this may not explore the search space efficiently, especially if the initial guess is local.

An alternative approach is to use a more global optimization strategy, such as random restarts with different initial guesses. However, the code is already using a perturbation-based approach, which is a form of random restart.

Another idea: Instead of adding a random perturbation to the initial guess, use a different perturbation strategy. For example, swap certain positions of the h array, or adjust specific points based on the current overlap.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach, where individuals are the h arrays, and the fitness is the C₅ value. Then, mutation and crossover are applied to evolve better solutions. However, this is computationally expensive and may not fit within the 100-second budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps sticking with the initial approach but making it more efficient. For example:

- Use a more efficient optimization method that converges faster.

- Use a lower number of iterations but more powerful perturbations.

- Use the best solution found as the starting point for the next iteration, which is already done.

Another option is to use the SLSQP method with more iterations per optimization. Currently, the code runs optimize.minimize with maxiter=1000, which may be sufficient. However, perhaps increasing the maxiter or adjusting other parameters could help.

Alternatively, using a warm start with the best solution from previous iterations could help, which the current code does.

So, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Change the optimization method to a more efficient one. For example, using SLSQP with different options, or COBYLA, which might handle the bounds better.

2. Adjust the perturbation strength to be more effective. For example, using a larger perturbation initially and smaller later, or using a different distribution.

3. Increase the number of iterations or the number of perturbations tried.

But how to implement these changes?

Let me think about the code structure. The current code uses SLSQP and does 20 iterations with perturbations. If I can replace the SLSQP with a more efficient method, that could help. Alternatively, using a different solver like 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds.

Wait, the code's objective function is the maximum of the correlation. This function is not differentiable, which might make the gradient-based methods like SLSQP not work well. Because the maximum of a set of values is a non-smooth function. The SLSQP method may not converge properly because the gradient could be undefined at certain points.

Ah, this is a problem. The objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. The gradient of this function may not be well-defined, which could lead to slower convergence or getting stuck in local minima.

To address this, perhaps using a smooth approximation of the maximum function. For example, replacing the max with a smooth function that approaches the maximum as a parameter is decreased. However, this would require modifying the objective function, which may complicate the code.

Alternatively, using a different approach to compute the objective function. For example, the code could evaluate the correlation for each k and take the maximum. But how to handle the gradients during optimization.

This is a key issue. If the objective function is non-differentiable, the gradient-based methods may not work well. So, perhaps the code should avoid using an SLSQP method and instead use a derivative-free optimization method like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm.

Let me think. The Nelder-Mead method does not require gradients and might be more robust for this problem. However, it's also slower for high-dimensional problems. But with n_points=45, which is 45 variables, it might be feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: using a derivative-free optimization for the initial search, and then refining with SLSQP if a good enough solution is found.

But with the time budget, perhaps the best approach is to switch to a derivative-free method like the Nelder-Mead algorithm.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of multiple terms, each of which is smooth (the correlation for each shift), the maximum is non-smooth, but perhaps each individual term is smooth. However, the maximum of these terms is still non-smooth, making the gradient-based methods challenging.

So, perhaps using a different optimization approach. For example, using a sample-based optimization, where we evaluate the objective function at several points and use them to guide the search.

But this is getting too vague. Given the time, I need to think of concrete changes to the code.

Let me consider the following adjustments to the previous code:

1. Replace the optimization method with L-BFGS-B, which can handle bound constraints. This method uses only the gradient, so we need to compute the gradient of the objective function. However, since the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values, the gradient would be the gradient of the term that achieves the maximum. But how to compute this?

Alternatively, if we can compute the maximum term and its corresponding shift k, then compute the gradient of that term. This would require tracking which term is the maximum during the optimization. However, this could be implemented.

Another change: since the objective function's maximum can be difficult to differentiate, perhaps using a variant of the objective function that approximates it with a smooth function. For example, using the maximum of the terms with a small epsilon added. But this might not be worth the effort.

Alternatively, use the current approach with SLSQP but with a different initial guess.

Another possible idea is to use a more efficient evaluation of the correlation. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which is O(n^2) for n_points. With n_points=45, this is manageable, but with larger n_points it could be a problem. However, since the code is limited to small n_points, it's feasible.

Given all this, perhaps the best course of action is to modify the previous code to use a more efficient optimization method and adjust the parameters. Let me try changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' and adjust the parameters.

Another possible change is to use the 'SLSQP' method but with a better gradient approximation. However, since the objective function is non-smooth, this might not help much.

Alternatively, use the scipy.optimize.minimize function with the 'SLSQP' method, but with a better way to compute the gradient. However, this would require computing the gradient of the objective function, which is challenging.

Assuming the code can't compute the gradient, using a derivative-free method like 'Nelder-Mead' might be better. Let's try that.

So, modifying the previous code to use the 'Nelder-Mead' method, which doesn't require gradients.

Let me outline the changes:

- Replace the optimization method from 'SLSQP' to 'Nelder-Mead'.

- Adjust the parameters accordingly.

But wait, the 'Nelder-Mead' method may have more parameters to tune, like the initial simplex and the number of iterations.

But given the code structure, this would require modifying the call to optimize.minimize.

Another thing to note is that the 'Nelder-Mead' method doesn't handle constraints directly, but the constraints can be handled by redefining the objective function to penalize constraint violations. However, since the constraint is a simple equality, and we are already using the bounds, maybe this is manageable.

Alternatively, the code can relax the constraint and include it as part of the objective function. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function that increases when the sum of h is not equal to target_sum. However, this could complicate things for the optimizer.

But since the previous code uses a constraint, it's better to keep that. However, the 'Nelder-Mead' method doesn't support constraints in scipy.optimize.minimize, so that's an issue. Hence, perhaps switching to 'SLSQP' is better.

Alternatively, using a constraint in the optimization. But the 'Nelder-Mead' method doesn't support constraints, so this is a problem.

Therefore, using the 'SLSQP' method is still necessary for handling the equality constraint.

So, another idea is to change the way perturbations are applied. Instead of adding a random normal distribution, perhaps use a more systematic perturbation method, like trying to adjust the values based on the current maximum overlap. For example, if the current solution has a high overlap at certain k values, adjust the h values to reduce that overlap.

But how to implement this without knowing the gradients?

Alternatively, use the previous code's approach but with more iterations and better tuning of parameters. For example, increase the number of perturbations or use different scale factors.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is a poor starting point, but the user says it's available, then we can't change it. However, generating a different initial guess by modifying the initial_h_values may help. For example, making it more evenly spaced.

But since the initial_h_values is given, the code can't modify it. So, assuming that the initial_h_values is a good starting point, the code can proceed.

Another thing to consider is that the evaluation of the objective function is expensive. The code computes np.correlate for each perturbed guess. To speed this up, perhaps precomputing the necessary values or finding a way to evaluate the overlaps more efficiently.

But given that the code is already doing this, and the time is limited, it's hard to optimize further.

So, considering all these thoughts, the best plan is to modify the previous code's optimization parameters, possibly changing the optimization method to something that handles non-smooth objectives better, or adjusting the perturbation strategy to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another idea is to use a completely different optimization method, like genetic algorithms, but given the time constraints, this might be too slow. However, with a small n_points (like 45), it might be feasible.

But with the 100-second budget, how to implement genetic algorithms?

In genetic algorithms, you would have a population of h arrays, each with n_points values in [0,1], with the sum constraint. Each individual's fitness is the C₅ value. The algorithm would evolve the population by crossover and mutation, selecting the best individuals to carry over to the next generation.

This could be implemented in Python, but it's more complex. However, given the time, it's worth trying.

So, here's the plan for a genetic algorithm approach:

1. Initialize a population of h arrays, ensuring the sum constraint.

2. For each individual, compute the C₅ value as the objective.

3. Select the best individuals based on C₅.

4. Perform crossover and mutation to create a new population.

5. Repeat until the time budget is exhausted.

This approach is more global and could potentially escape local minima. However, it's computationally more intensive than the previous method, but for small n_points it may be feasible.

However, implementing this within the code might be challenging, but let's think.

Implementing genetic algorithms:

- The initial population could be generated with random values, ensuring sum(h) = n_points / 2.

- Mutation involves randomly changing individual values.

- Crossover could involve averaging or blending values from two parents.

- Selection is based on the lowest C₅ values.

This is a possible approach.

However, given that the previous code used a more directed search with perturbations, the genetic approach might be more promising.

But how to implement this quickly.

Let me outline the code structure for a genetic algorithm approach.

But considering the time, perhaps the previous approach can be optimized by using a better optimization method, like COBYLA, which is a derivative-free method that handles bounds and constraints.

In scipy.optimize, the COBYLA method can handle bounds and equality constraints. So, modifying the code to use this method might help.

Let me try adjusting the previous code to use COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

Now, changing the optimization method to COBYLA.

Also, the current code uses a random perturbation and then runs SLSQP. Switching to COBYLA may result in better convergence.

So, modifying the code:

In the optimize.minimize call, specify method='COBYLA'.

But wait, the COBYLA method requires the bounds and constraints, which are already provided.

But need to check the parameters. COBYLA may have its own options for convergence.

Another thing: the objective function needs to be smooth, but since it's the maximum of the correlation values, it's not smooth, but COBYLA may handle it.

But I'm not sure. Alternatively, the previous code's objective function may not be suitable for COBYLA.

This brings me back to the previous problem of non-smooth objective function.

Given this, perhaps the best way is to proceed with the previous code but with some improvements:

- Use more optimized perturbation strategies.

- Use a larger number of iterations.

- Use a better initial guess.

- Use more diverse perturbations.

For example, the current code uses a perturbation scale between 0.01 and 0.05 and adds a normal distribution. Maybe adjusting this scale and using a different distribution, such as uniform.

Alternatively, using a larger perturbation at the beginning and smaller later, or adjusting based on the current solution.

Another possible change is to use the best solution from each iteration as the base for the next perturbation, which the current code does.

So, the code may have to be adjusted in the following ways:

1. Use a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding a normal distributed perturbation, use a uniform perturbation within a range.

2. Vary the perturbation scale over iterations to explore more.

3. Increase the number of iterations.

But with the time budget, increasing iterations may not be feasible, but it's worth a try.

Alternatively, reduce the number of iterations and get better results per iteration.

But this is highly dependent on the specific problem.

Another idea: the current code's initial_guess is the initial_h_values. Maybe generating a better initial guess by modifying it. For example, if the initial_h_values has some structure, perhaps smoothing it or adjusting values to make it more evenly distributed.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, I can't do this.

Given all this, the best path is to modify the previous code to use a more effective optimization method and possibly change the perturbation strategy.

So, the modified code could be:

- Use 'SLSQP' with adjusted parameters.

- Use a different perturbation strategy, maybe with larger initial perturbations.

- Use multiple perturbations per iteration to explore more.

But given the code structure, the previous approach is already doing this.

Another possible adjustment is to use the current best solution as the base for the perturbation, and also try multiple perturbations in each iteration.

In the current code, the for loop runs 20 times, and in each iteration, it adds a random perturbation and runs SLSQP. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would help, but that may overshoot the time budget.

Another option is to use a more aggressive perturbation in the early iterations to explore the search space, and smaller perturbations later to refine the solution.

So, in code, adjusting the perturbation scale over iterations.

For example, in the first few iterations, use larger perturbations, then smaller.

In the previous code, the perturbation scale is uniform between 0.01 and 0.05. So perhaps adjusting this to start with a higher value, like 0.05, then decrease over time.

But this is speculative.

Another possible tweak is to use a different optimization method. For example, using 'SLSQP' with a tighter ftol and eps.

Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' with the bounds and the equality constraint. Let's think about how to handle the equality constraint with L-BFGS-B. The constraint must be handled as an equality constraint.

But L-BFGS-B only supports bounds and inequality constraints. It doesn't support equality constraints. So, to use L-BFGS-B, the equality constraint must be expressed as a penalty function. This could be done by adding a penalty term to the objective function that penalizes deviations from the constraint. However, this would make the objective function non-smooth, which could cause problems for the gradient-based method.

Thus, this approach may not be suitable.

In conclusion, the best path is to modify the previous code to use a better optimization method and possibly change the perturbation strategy. Given the time, I'll proceed to implement the following changes:

- Use the 'SLSQP' method but with more iterations for optimization.

- Increase the number of perturbations per iteration or modify the perturbation scale.

- Use a different perturbation distribution, such as uniform instead of normal.

Alternatively, change the optimization method to 'COBYLA', which may handle the constraints better.

But without knowing the exact performance, it's hard to say. However, given that the previous code is already using SLSQP with a good perturbation strategy, it's better to focus on tuning it.

Thus, the final code will modify the previous approach by:

- Using a different perturbation strategy, like adding a randomly selected subset of points and adjusting them.

- Increasing the number of iterations.

- Adjusting the perturbation scale.

But given the time, I'll proceed to write the code that uses the SLSQP method with adjusted parameters, including changing the perturbation strategy and increasing the number of iterations.

Also, ensuring that the code is efficient and fits within the budget.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use better sampling and optimized perturbations
    for _ in range(30):  # Increased iterations
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation scale based on iteration
        perturb_scale = np.clip(0.02 + 0.01 * (_ / 30), 0.01, 0.05)
        # Perturb subset of indices
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=n_points//4, replace=False)
        perturb = np.random.uniform(-perturb_scale, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        # Enforce constraint in perturbed guess
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(perturbed_guess + (target_sum - np.sum(perturbed_guess)) / n_points, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8, 'disp': False}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```