<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The previous code used a starting point with 45 samples and a local optimization approach with SLSQP. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876.

First, I should think about why the current approach might not be sufficient. The previous code uses a perturbation-based local search, which might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization strategy could find a better solution. Also, the number of samples (n_points) might be an issue. Using a larger n_points could allow for more precise functions, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed.

Alternatively, perhaps a different initial construction could lead to better results. The current initial_h_values might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help.

Another thought: the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The overlap is computed as the maximum of the convolution between h and 1-h. So, the integral over all shifts k of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum value of this, we need a function h that avoids having high overlaps with its shifted versions.

I remember that for the Erdős problem, optimal solutions often involve functions with certain symmetry or periodic properties. For example, functions that are piecewise constant with specific spacing to minimize overlaps. Maybe designing a function with alternating regions of 0 and 1, or some other pattern.

Another angle: using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the solution space more thoroughly, avoiding local optima. However, these methods might be slower. Given the time budget of 100 seconds, maybe a hybrid approach of local search with global exploration strategies could work.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with perturbations. Maybe adjusting the parameters or using different methods would help. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method instead of SLSQP, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a combination of methods, like starting with a global search and then refining with local optimization.

Also, the constraints are that the integral of h is 1 over [0, 2]. The previous code enforces this with a constraint. Maybe checking if the initial guess already satisfies this constraint is important, but the code uses a sum that's exactly n_points / 2.

Another idea: maybe the function h can be designed to have a specific structure. For example, splitting the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and then adjusting the sizes of these regions to minimize the overlap. However, since the problem allows for h to be a step function, maybe a more optimal structure than the initial guess exists.

Wait, the initial guess might not be the best starting point. If I can generate a better initial guess, that could help. For example, using a symmetric pattern or other periodic design.

Also, considering that the overlap integral involves shifts by k, perhaps choosing h to be symmetric around certain points would help. For instance, if h is symmetric around 1, then shifts by k would have overlapping regions that are balanced.

Hmm, but how to translate that into a step function? Maybe the optimal function is a combination of pulses placed at intervals that avoid overlapping too much when shifted. For example, placing pulses spaced in such a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much.

Another approach is to think about the problem as an optimization problem where we want to minimize the maximum of the integrals. This is a min-max problem. Perhaps using a more sophisticated optimization method that can handle such a structure, like a gradient-based method with a differentiable approximation of the max function.

Alternatively, using a different discretization. The current code uses 45 points, but maybe 30 points could be sufficient. However, lower n_points may not capture the necessary details. But the problem allows smaller sequences, so perhaps trying with a smaller number of points could find a better solution.

Wait, the user's previous code uses 45 points, and the current best is 0.38085. The target is to beat that. Maybe by trying a different initial guess, even with the same n_points, we can find a better solution.

Another thought: the previous code's objective function computes the max of the correlation, which is the same as the max of the integrals. However, maybe there's a way to model this more efficiently. For example, if we can find a way to approximate the max of multiple integrals with a single smoother objective, but that's probably not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library's solver. For example, using the 'COBYLA' method in scipy.optimize which doesn't require gradients and can handle bounds. Or using a different constrained optimization approach.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. Maybe switching to a method that's better suited for this problem. Also, adjusting the number of iterations and the tolerance parameters.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial guess and perturbations. Maybe using a population-based approach, like a genetic algorithm, could generate better candidates. But with a 100-second budget, that might be too slow unless optimized.

Alternatively, could we use a greedy approach? Start with a good initial guess and iteratively adjust it. But how?

I think the key is to improve the initial guess. Let's think about generating a better initial guess. For example, arranging the step function h such that the integral is 1 and overlaps are minimized. Maybe a piecewise constant function with certain widths and positions.

For instance, if we split the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on [a, b] and 0 elsewhere, then shifting by k would lead to overlaps depending on the overlap between [a, b] and [a +k, b +k]. But this is for a single interval. The previous code uses a step function with multiple segments, so maybe the initial guess is a better starting point.

Alternatively, perhaps a better way to generate the initial guess is to use a function that's designed to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a function that is 1 on intervals spaced to avoid overlaps, but with overlapping when shifted. But how?

Let me think about the optimal function for C₅. The problem is similar to scheduling or resource allocation where we want to minimize the maximum overlap between a function and its shifts. In such cases, symmetric functions or functions with certain periodic properties are often optimal.

Another approach: given that the integral of h is 1, the average value is 1/2. So, if h is designed to be 1/2 on average, but with fluctuations to minimize overlaps. However, since h is stepwise, maybe a function that is 1 in some regions and 0 in others, with the total measure being 1.

Wait, the integral is over [0, 2], so the total area under h is 1. So the average value is 0.5. If h is 1 in intervals that are spaced out such that their shifted versions don't overlap too much.

For example, if h is 1 on [0, 1] and 0 on [1, 2], then shifting by k=0.5 would lead to overlap between [0,1] and [0.5,1.5], which has overlap of 0.5. The integral would be 0.5*0.5=0.25. But this is a very simple example, and the maximum of the overlap is 0.25, which is better than the current bound. However, this is a very simple function and might not be optimal, but it's possible that the problem's C₅ is actually lower than this. Wait, but that's not possible because the current best is around 0.38. So perhaps my example is wrong.

Wait, the integral C₅ is defined as the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So for the function h(x) that is 1 on [0,1] and 0 on [1,2], and taking k=0.5, the overlap would be the integral over x where h(x) is 1 (i.e., x in [0,1]) and h(x + 0.5) is 0. So x + 0.5 must be in [1, 2], which means x in [0.5, 1]. Therefore, the overlap is the integral from 0.5 to 1 of 1 * 1 dx = 0.5. Then, the integral would be 0.5 * 1 (since h(x+k) is 0 here), so the value is 0.5. Similarly, shifting by other k would give other overlaps. For example, if you take k=0, then 1 - h(x) is 0 over [0,1], and 1 over [1,2]. The integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which for x in [0,1] is 1*0=0, and x in [1,2] is 0*1=0. So that integral is 0. So the maximum over k would be 0.5. But the current C₅ is supposed to be around 0.38, so this example is not better than that. Therefore, this function is not optimal.

But this suggests that the maximum overlap for this function is 0.5, which is worse than the current best. Therefore, this function is not a good candidate.

So, what's a better approach? Maybe the optimal function has more intervals where h is 1 and 0. For example, if h is 1 in multiple intervals that are spaced in a way that their shifted versions overlap minimally.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval, but arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. For example, using a periodic function with high symmetry.

Another idea: perhaps using a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced out to avoid overlapping when shifted. But this is just a guess.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the previous code. The previous code uses a starting guess and perturbations. Maybe changing the optimization method, increasing the number of iterations, or using a different initial guess.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided. Maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, if I can create a better initial guess based on some design.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization strategy, like using a genetic algorithm. However, implementing that within 100 seconds could be challenging. Alternatively, using a particle swarm optimization approach.

But given that the user's previous code used SLSQP with perturbations, perhaps trying a different method would help. For example, using the COBYLA method, which doesn't require gradients but can handle constraints.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations but might not explore the space sufficiently. Maybe varying the perturbation size during the iterations could lead to better results.

Also, perhaps the constraint_sum is not being properly enforced. The code uses an equality constraint, which is correct, but maybe the way the perturbations are added could cause the constraint to be violated. Using clipping ensures that the values stay within [0,1], but maybe the sum is not exactly correct. However, the code uses a sum of h_values that is exactly n_points / 2, which is correct for the constraint.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to handle the constraint, such as penalty methods, but that might complicate things.

Another approach: since the previous code uses a small number of samples (n_points=45), but the user said that smaller sequences are preferred, perhaps trying with fewer points. For example, using 30 points. However, the initial_h_values might have a specific number of points, but if no parent construction is provided, the user can create a starting vector. But in this case, the initial_h_values is provided, so maybe the code is supposed to use that.

Alternatively, the user can generate a new initial guess. For example, creating a symmetric function with alternating 1s and 0s. But I'm not sure.

Wait, the user's code uses the initial_h_values, which are 45 samples. Maybe generating a better initial guess. But without knowing the structure of those samples, it's difficult. However, the code can generate a new initial guess with a different structure.

Another idea: use a function h that is 1 on intervals that are synchronized with the shifts. For example, if h is designed to have certain periodicity, such that when shifted by certain k, the overlap is minimized.

But how to translate that into code. Perhaps generating an initial guess where h is 1 for certain intervals and 0 otherwise, arranged to minimize overlaps. For instance, placing 1s in positions that when shifted, their overlap is minimized.

But how to do that algorithmically. Maybe using a grid search or some heuristics.

Alternatively, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's optimization method, increase the number of iterations, and try different parameter settings to see if a better solution can be found.

Another thing to consider: the objective function is the maximum of the correlation. Calculating the correlation for all k and then taking the max is computationally expensive for large n_points. However, the code uses a small n_points, which is acceptable.

Wait, for n_points=45, the full convolution would have length 45 + 45 - 1 = 89. So the max is over 89 values. But that's manageable.

So, perhaps the previous code's approach of using perturbations and local search could be improved by using more aggressive optimization steps or by using a different method.

Another idea: using a nonconvex optimization approach with momentum or other techniques to escape local minima. However, this would require more advanced methods.

Alternatively, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method which is derivative-free and might find better solutions by exploring the space more thoroughly.

So, modifying the code to use different optimization methods and parameters could lead to better results.

Another thing to check: in the previous code, after finding a better solution, the initial guess is updated to the best solution found so far. This is a way to use the best solution as a new starting point for subsequent iterations, which could help in escaping local optima. But perhaps this is not sufficient, and more iterations are needed.

Additionally, the previous code has a fixed number of iterations, but perhaps the number of iterations could be increased, or the number of perturbations could be varied.

Another idea: instead of adding perturbations to the initial guess, use a different strategy, like varying the step function's parameters, such as the positions and widths of the intervals where h is 1.

For example, generating a step function with intervals in a way that minimizes overlaps. This could be done by arranging intervals such that their shifted versions don't overlap much. However, this is a complex optimization problem.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's optimization parameters and try different methods.

So, here's the plan for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use a different optimization method, perhaps Nelder-Mead or SLSQP with different parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations or the maxiter parameter.
- Use a different way of generating perturbations, perhaps with varying amplitudes.
- Consider using different initial guesses if possible.

But since the previous code already uses SLSQP with perturbations, perhaps changing the optimization method to COBYLA or Nelder-Mead could help.

Alternatively, perhaps combining the initial guess with a more global search, like random restarts.

Another point: the current code may not be using the full potential of the optimization solvers. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is a bounded constrained method, might be better.

But I need to test these possibilities.

So, the new code would:

1. Use a different optimization method, like 'L-BFGS-B' or 'Nelder-Mead'.
2. Adjust parameters such as maxiter, tolerance.
3. Try multiple initial guesses, not just perturbations of the initial_h_values.
4. Perhaps use a more sophisticated way of generating perturbations, like random mutations or swaps of values.

But without knowing the exact optimal settings, it's hard to say. However, given the time constraints, I need to implement a code that is likely to find a better solution.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a bilevel optimization approach where the inner problem is to minimize the overlap for a given shift, but that's complicated.

Alternatively, using a simulation-based approach where the function is adjusted iteratively to reduce the maximum overlap.

But again, time is limited.

In the previous code, the parameters were set with a fixed number of iterations (20), and each iteration had a perturbation. The current code might not have enough iterations. Let's consider increasing the number of iterations or the perturbation scale.

But the code also has a time check. So, within 100 seconds, the code should run as many iterations as possible.

Another possibility: using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with more aggressive settings, such as reducing ftol and eps.

Alternatively, the code could use a more efficient way to calculate the objective function. For example, precomputing the correlations or using vectorized operations.

But the current code already uses numpy's correlate, which is efficient.

So, putting all this together, the new code might look like:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Perform a number of optimization steps using SLSQP with adjusted parameters.
- Perturb the initial guess in different ways.
- Use a more aggressive method.

But perhaps the key is to use a different starting point. For example, generating a new initial guess based on a different pattern.

But since the user says to use the initial_h_values when available, the code must use that.

Another thing: the current code uses 45 points. Maybe trying with a different number of points could yield better results. For example, using 60 points. However, the user's note says that smaller sequences are preferred, but it's not clear if changing the number of points is allowed. The initial_h_values may have a specific number of points. Assuming that the initial_h_values have n_points=45, but the code can create a different initial guess with a different number of points. However, the note says that "smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred - they are faster to optimize and evaluate." So, perhaps using a smaller n_points like 30.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that "You may want to start your search from the current construction, which you can access through the initial_h_values global variable (n=45 samples)."

So, the code must use initial_h_values, which has 45 points.

Thus, the code should proceed with that.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess randomly, use a more directed approach. For example, trying to shift the positions of the 1s in the function to reduce overlap.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's difficult to know what to change.

Perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code's optimization parameters. For example, increasing the maximum number of iterations, using different methods, adjusting the perturbation scale, and possibly using more iterations.

Another possibility: the previous code has a loop that runs for 20 iterations, each time perturbing the initial guess and optimizing. Maybe increasing the number of iterations could yield better results.

But given the time constraint, the code needs to run within 100 seconds.

The previous code has a time check: if the elapsed time exceeds budget_s, break.

So, perhaps increasing the number of iterations and varying the perturbation scale could help.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. Let's try using 'L-BFGS-B' method, which could be more efficient.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation scale, which may not be optimal. Maybe varying the scale over iterations could help.

But to sum up, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Perform multiple optimization steps using different methods.
- Vary perturbations and parameters.
- Check for better results.

So, here's the plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Use the SLSQP method with adjusted parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations.
- Try different perturbation strategies.
- Check the best solution found.

Now, implementing this in code.

Another thing to note is that the objective function might be noisy, so setting a lower tolerance could help.

But I need to write the code.

The previous code uses 20 iterations. Let's increase that to 100 or more, but within the time constraint.

Also, the code might benefit from using a different method, such as 'Nelder-Mead' which is derivative-free and can handle bounds and constraints.

However, the problem is that 'Nelder-Mead' may not be as efficient as SLSQP for this type of problem.

Alternatively, use 'L-BFGS-B' which is optimized for bounded problems.

But for the sake of time, perhaps the best approach is to try a different method.

Another thing: the code may not be properly handling the bounds. The previous code uses bounds as (0.0, 1.0), which is correct.

Another thing to check: the initial guess might be quite far from the optimal, so using a more sophisticated optimization method could help.

In conclusion, the new code would modify the previous code by:

- Using a different optimization method (e.g., 'L-BFGS-B').
- Increasing the number of iterations.
- Using a different way of generating perturbations.
- Adjusting the tolerance parameters.

But without knowing the exact optimal parameters, I'll proceed with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Use more efficient method and better hyperparameters
    for _ in range(50):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Vary perturbation strength over iterations
        perturb_scale = np.random.uniform(0.005, 0.03)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='L-BFGS-B',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-8}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```