<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that. The previous code uses a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess and perturbing it. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The function h(x) is a step function defined on [0, 2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over shifts k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The goal is to minimize this maximum value, which gives a better upper bound for C₅.

The previous code uses a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization. However, SLSQP might get stuck in local minima. Maybe a different optimization strategy could work better, like using a genetic algorithm or a more global search method. But since the time budget is tight, maybe a better way is to use a different initial guess or modify the objective function.

Another idea: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum overlap, which resembles a covering problem. Perhaps using a more structured initial guess could help. For example, using a periodic or symmetric pattern might lead to better results. Since the domain is [0, 2], maybe splitting it into intervals where h(x) is 1 or 0 in a way that distributes the coverage evenly. 

Wait, the initial guess is available through initial_h_values. The previous code starts from that. Maybe the initial guess isn't the best, and trying different starting points could help. But how to generate different starting points without hardcoding?

Another approach: instead of using a local optimizer, maybe use a metaheuristic like simulated annealing or particle swarm optimization. However, these might be too slow within the 100 second budget. Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with better hyperparameters.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could help. Also, maybe using a more efficient optimization algorithm, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, but those are subject to constraints. 

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. But when we compute the correlation, it's equivalent to sliding the function 1 - h over h. The maximum of this convolution could be minimized by balancing the overlaps. Maybe there's a way to model this as a variational problem and use calculus of variations, but that's probably more complex.

Alternatively, using a different representation of the function h. For example, using a binary step function with certain intervals. Since h is a step function, maybe it's better to represent it with a set of intervals where h is 0 or 1. However, the previous code uses a continuous optimization over the h values, assuming they can take any values between 0 and 1. Perhaps, but maybe a better approach is to consider h as a binary vector, but that would complicate the optimization. However, the problem allows h to take values in [0,1], so maybe using a continuous optimization is better.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function, but the discretization uses samples. So perhaps the code is approximating the continuous case with discrete values. The previous code uses a continuous optimization over the samples, which is acceptable.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (20 iterations). Maybe trying more iterations or varying the perturbation scale. Also, the initial guess could be updated more often. Perhaps using a better initial guess is crucial. For instance, if the initial_h_values isn't optimal, starting from a different guess could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, generating a random initial guess that meets the integral constraint. But how to do that efficiently?

Alternatively, using a different metaheuristic. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h values. Each individual is a vector of h values, with a fitness function that is the maximum overlap. The genetic algorithm would select the best individuals, apply crossover and mutation, and iterate. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, a genetic algorithm might be too slow unless optimized.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using a gradient descent approach with a line search. But again, the problem is that the objective function is non-convex and might have many local minima.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Maybe trying different optimization methods. For example, using a different solver like L-BFGS-B, which doesn't require gradients. Or using a different method like Nelder-Mead. But the constraints might complicate that.

Another idea: the maximum of the correlation can be seen as the maximum of the integral over different shifts. Maybe the worst case is when the shift k is such that the overlap is maximized. So, perhaps focusing on specific k values where the overlap could be high and trying to minimize those. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, considering the problem as a game between two players: one chooses h to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other chooses k to maximize it. Maybe using a game-theoretic approach, but again, not sure how to model that.

Back to optimization methods. Perhaps the previous code could be improved by changing the way the initial guess is modified. For example, instead of adding random perturbations, using a more informed perturbation. Or using a better initial guess. 

Another approach: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. So, the function h is like a probability distribution. The overlap integral for a shift k is the expected value of h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). So, the problem is to minimize the maximum expected value over all shifts k. 

Hmm. Maybe thinking in terms of probability distributions. For overlapping shifts, the maximum expected value would correspond to some worst-case shift. 

Alternatively, for the optimal h, the maximum overlap should be minimized. Intuitively, this would require that the function h is "spread out" in such a way that shifting it can't create a large overlap with itself.

Another idea: use symmetry. Suppose the function h is symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2], which is 1. Then, the overlapping for shifts k and 2 -k could be related. Maybe using symmetric functions could help in reducing the maximum overlap.

But how to model this in code? Perhaps modifying the initial guess to enforce symmetry. For example, if the initial_h_values is symmetric, then the optimized solution might maintain some symmetry. However, the initial_h_values may not be symmetric. So, this is an additional constraint, which could be added to the optimization.

Alternatively, using a grid-based approach. Divide the interval [0,2] into smaller intervals and assign h(x) to be either 0 or 1 in those intervals, ensuring that the integral is 1. But since the problem allows h to take any value in [0,1], perhaps a binary approach is not optimal, but could be a starting point.

But given the time constraints, perhaps trying to improve the previous algorithm by adjusting the number of iterations, the perturbation scale, or using a different optimization method would be more feasible.

Another thing to note: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (20), each with a perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation scale over time could help in exploring more of the solution space.

Also, the code's initial_guess is updated to the best solution found so far. But perhaps the perturbation should be based on the current best solution, rather than the initial guess.

Alternatively, instead of perturbing the initial guess, perturb the best solution found so far. That could lead to better exploration around the current best.

Another possible adjustment: using a larger perturbation scale in the beginning and decreasing it over time, which is similar to simulated annealing. But again, the time is limited.

Another optimization is to evaluate the objective function more efficiently. For example, using vectorized operations in NumPy instead of calling np.correlate each time. But the current code already does that.

Wait, in the current code, the objective function computes the correlation and then takes the maximum. The correlation is computed for all possible shifts, and then the maximum is taken. However, for large n_points, this could be computationally expensive. But since the budget allows for up to 100 seconds, perhaps it's manageable.

Another idea: precompute all possible shifts. But that's what the current code is already doing.

So, to summarize, the previous approach might be limited by the initial guess and the optimization method. To improve it, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess, maybe with more symmetry.
2. Change the optimization method to something more adaptable, like using a genetic algorithm or a different solver.
3. Adjust the perturbation strategy to explore more effectively.
4. Increase the number of iterations or use more sophisticated optimization parameters.

But given the code's structure, it's challenging to implement a genetic algorithm within the time constraints. So maybe a better approach is to use the existing method but adjust the hyperparameters and strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (800 per optimize call) and 20 iterations overall. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, or using a different method that can handle more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different solver, like COBYLA, but it's not clear if that would help.

Another thing to consider: the constraint sum(h) = n_points / 2 is essential. The previous code enforces this via equality constraint. Maybe the problem is that the initial guess is not good, and the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. So, using a better initial guess is crucial.

If there's an initial_h_values provided, using that is the default, but perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. However, generating such a guess would require creating a vector of numbers between 0 and 1 that sum to n_points / 2.

But how to do that efficiently. One way is to generate random numbers and then normalize. But for a sample of n_points, the sum needs to be exactly n_points/2. For example, generate a vector of random numbers between 0 and 1, then scale them so that the sum is n_points/2. But that's not guaranteed, so perhaps using rejection sampling. However, for the purposes of the code, maybe generating a vector with random values and then normalizing by the sum.

Alternatively, use a binary vector with n_points/2 ones and the rest zeros, but that would be a discrete case. However, the problem allows for continuous values.

So, maybe another approach is to start with a different initial configuration, such as a uniform distribution, and then optimize from there. But how to generate that in code?

But since the code can use the initial_h_values provided, perhaps the previous code starts from that. However, the initial_h_values might not be optimal. So, perhaps generating a better initial guess would help. For example, a function that has high entropy, spread out over the interval.

Alternatively, using a sine wave or another periodic function. For example, h(x) = 0.5 + 0.5 * sin(πx) or something similar. Then, discretizing it for n_points samples.

But how to generate such a function?

Alternatively, using a binary pattern that's evenly distributed. For example, alternating 1 and 0, but ensuring the integral is 1. However, for even n_points, this could be possible.

But again, the code needs to generate this in a compact way without hardcoding. For example, using a function that creates a periodic pattern.

Another thought: the previous code uses the same initial guess for all iterations, but it's possible that starting from the best solution found so far could lead to better optimization steps.

Wait, in the previous code, the initial_guess is updated to the best_h, which is the best solution found so far. Then, in each iteration, the perturbation is based on the initial_guess. But if the initial_guess is updated each time, perhaps the perturbations are based on the better solutions, which might help converge faster.

But maybe the code can be modified to perturb the current best solution more effectively. For example, in each iteration, perturb the current best solution, not the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for each iteration. But again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, use a different approach like coordinate descent. For example, optimizing each coordinate of h while keeping others fixed. However, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, using a surrogate model or approximate gradient, but without more information, it's hard to say.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the same perturbation scale each time. Maybe adjusting the perturbation scale over time, starting with larger perturbations to explore and then smaller perturbations to refine the solution. For example, using an annealing schedule for the perturbation size.

So, modifying the code to decrease the perturbation scale over time. For example, starting with a larger scale and reducing it in each iteration.

In the previous code, perturb_scale is a random value between 0.01 and 0.15. That might not be optimal. Maybe starting with a larger perturbation and then decreasing it.

Also, the number of iterations could be increased, but the budget is 100s, so need to balance.

Another thing: the code uses the same x0 for each optimization run. But perhaps using different starting points could help. However, the code already varies the starting points by perturbing the initial_guess.

Another possible adjustment: using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. Since the correlation is computationally expensive, but maybe using FFT-based methods to compute the cross-correlation more efficiently. However, convolution is already O(n^2), and for n=45, it's manageable. But for larger n_points, it could be an issue. However, the previous code uses n_points=45, which is manageable.

So, given that, the key improvements could be:

1. Adjust the perturbation scale and strategy to explore better.
2. Increase the number of iterations or vary the perturbation scale during optimization.
3. Use a different optimization method, such as a different solver or a hybrid approach.
4. Consider using a different initial guess that is better than the provided initial_h_values.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, and the code is supposed to use it, maybe the initial guess is already good. However, if the initial_h_values is not the best, generating a different one could help. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization algorithm. For example, using the SLSQP method but with more iterations and tighter tolerances. However, changing the options like ftol, eps, etc., could affect the performance.

Another idea: using a different constraint handling. For example, in the previous code, the constraint is an equality constraint. Perhaps using a penalty method instead, but that would require changing the objective function. However, the current setup uses the equality constraint directly, which is more efficient.

Another possible tweak: in the current code, the perturb is added to the initial_guess. But if the initial_guess is updated to the best_h each time, then the perturbation is based on the best solution found so far. Maybe this is good, but perhaps the code should perturb the current best_h more effectively.

For example, each iteration, take the current best solution, add a small perturbation, and optimize from there. This way, the optimization is always based on the current best guess, which could lead to better convergence.

To implement this, the code could replace the initial_guess with the current best_h in each iteration. So, in each iteration, the code perturbs the current best solution and then tries to optimize. This might lead to better exploration of the solution space.

Another thing: the number of optimize calls. The code currently does 20 iterations, each with an optimize call. Maybe increasing that number (e.g., 30, 50) would help, but would it fit into the 100s budget? For example, if each optimize call takes 1-2 seconds, then 50 iterations would take about 50-100 seconds, which is acceptable.

So, modifying the code to have more iterations (e.g., 50) and adjust the perturbation scale.

Another thing: the previous code uses a random perturbation, but maybe using a more structured perturbation, such as adding noise to a subset of the variables, could help in exploring the solution space more effectively.

Another possible adjustment is to use a more efficient objective function. For example, precompute all shifts and find the maximum each time, but the current code already does that.

Putting this together, here's a plan for the code:

- Start with the initial_h_values provided.
- Use a larger number of optimization iterations (e.g., 50 instead of 20).
- Adjust the perturbation scale: start with a larger perturbation and decrease over time.
- Use the current best solution as the starting point for each perturbation.
- Use a more efficient optimization method, such as SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

Additionally, the code can be modified to include the perturbation scale as a decreasing function of the iteration number. For example, in each iteration, the perturbation scale is scaled by a factor less than 1, leading to smaller perturbations over time.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method, such as the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is more efficient for bound-constrained problems. But the current code uses SLSQP, which handles equality constraints well.

So, modifying the previous code to:

- Increase the number of iterations (maybe 30-50).
- Decrease the perturbation scale over iterations.
- Use the best solution for the next iteration's perturbation.
- Possibly adjust the optimize options, like increasing maxiter or changing the tolerance.

Let's think about implementing these changes.

First, in the loop, for each iteration, instead of using a fixed perturb_scale, decrease it over time. For example, perturb_scale could be initialized to a higher value (like 0.15) and each iteration, multiply by a factor (like 0.9) to reduce it.

Second, increase the number of iterations (from 20 to 50).

Third, use the current best solution as the initial guess for each optimization step.

Additionally, in the optimize call, increase the maxiter to allow more refinement.

Another possible change: in the optimize call, set the 'disp' parameter to False to avoid printing, which might save some time, but it's already set.

Another thing: perhaps using a local optimizer with a better initial guess can find a better solution. So, even if the initial guess is slightly perturbed, the optimizer can find a better local minimum.

Putting it all together, here's an adjusted version of the code:

- Increase the number of iterations (say, 30).
- Decrease the perturbation scale over time.
- Use the current best solution as the initial guess.
- Increase maxiter in the optimize call to allow more refinement.

Also, changing the perturbation scale from a random value between 0.01 and 0.15 to a decaying schedule.

Another thing: the code currently uses a random perturbation with a uniform scale. Instead of adding a uniform random perturbation, maybe using a Laplace or Gaussian with a smaller scale. But that's probably similar.

So, the code would look something like this:

In the loop:

for _ in range(30):
    if time is over, break
    scale = initial_scale * (1 - iteration / total_iter)
    perturb = np.random.normal(0, scale, ...)
    perturbed_guess = clip( best_h + perturb, 0, 1)

Then, perform the optimization.

Now, the code would perturb the best solution with decreasing scale, leading to a more focused search as the iterations progress.

Another adjustment: using more precise optimization with higher maxiter. For example, setting maxiter=1000 and reducing ftol and eps to get a better solution.

But need to balance between computation time and accuracy.

Additionally, in the initial guess, using the best_h from previous steps.

Another possible change: applying a soft thresholding to the perturbations to avoid large jumps. But that might be unnecessary.

By combining these changes, the code might explore the solution space more effectively and find a better solution.

Now, implementing these in code.

But also, considering that the previous code's best_c5 is around 0.381223, the goal is to get lower than that. So, any improvement in the C5 value would be valuable.

Another thing: the evaluation of the correlation is done as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which returns a list of lengths 2n_points-1. The maximum of that is taken, multiplied by dx. So, the maximum over all shift k.

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, when k is small. To ensure that the code computes correctly, this should be fine.

In conclusion, the main changes to the previous code would be:

1. Increase the number of optimization iterations.
2. Decaying perturbation scale over time.
3. Using the current best solution as the initial guess for each perturbation.
4. Adjusting optimization parameters for tighter convergence.

With these changes, the code might find a better minimum for C5.

Now, translating this into code.

The initial code's loop runs 20 iterations. Let's change it to 50 iterations. Also, the perturb_scale is now a decaying value, perhaps starting at 0.15 and multiplied by 0.95 each iteration. The exact parameters may need tuning, but this is a way to implement the decay.

Another thing: the code's 'perturb_scale' is a random value between 0.01 and 0.15. Changing it to a decaying schedule. For example, in each iteration, scale = 0.15 * (1 - i / 50), where i is the iteration index. This would decrease the perturbation size over time.

Also, the code uses 'initial_guess' as the starting point, but after the first iteration, 'initial_guess' is updated to 'best_h'. So, in subsequent iterations, the perturbations are based on the best solution found so far.

Putting this all together, the code would look like this.

Additionally, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations for optimize (800). Maybe increasing that to 1000 would allow better convergence.

But given the time constraints, the code must run within the budget. Testing shows that with more iterations and perturbation decay, the code might find better solutions.

Now, writing the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    total_iter = 50
    
    for i in range(total_iter):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        scale = 0.15 * (1 - i / total_iter)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(best_h + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 1000,
                'ftol': 1e-12,
                'eps': 1e-9,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```