<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. So, the goal is to find a better upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap constant C₅ by finding a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The current record is around 0.38085, and we need to get even lower, maybe down to 0.380876 or better. 

The previous code uses a perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization starting from an initial guess. But maybe that's not the most efficient way. Let me think about how to improve that.

First, the current approach uses a random perturbation around the initial guess, and then runs an optimization. But with limited time, maybe this isn't finding the global minimum. Maybe I need a different strategy. 

What if we use a more structured approach? For example, maybe using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values is provided, but perhaps there's a better starting point. However, the problem says to use initial_h_values if available, so maybe we should stick with that.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a minimax optimization problem. Maybe using some form of alternating optimization or gradient descent with better convergence. But given the constraints (sum of h is fixed), maybe we can use Lagrange multipliers. But how to implement that?

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of a set of integrals, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. Wait, but the maximum of integrals isn't convex. Hmm. So maybe we can use a different method, like iterative updates.

Let me think about the objective. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The maximum over k is what we want to minimize. 

One approach is to consider that for each k, the integral can be thought of as the inner product between h and (1 - h shifted by k). So perhaps we can model this as a convolution, since the correlation is similar to convolution. 

But how to minimize the maximum of these convolutions? It's a bit tricky. 

Another thought: maybe the optimal h has some symmetry. For example, if the function is periodic or has repeated patterns. Since the interval is [0,2], maybe splitting it into parts where h is 0 or 1 in a certain pattern. But since it's a step function, maybe we can model it with blocks. 

Wait, but in the previous code, the initial_h_values is a 45-point array. Maybe that's not the optimal. If I can find a better initial guess, that could help. But without knowing the structure, it's hard. 

Alternatively, maybe we can use a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe using a more efficient optimizer, or adjusting parameters. For example, using a different method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, but those might not handle the constraints well. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a Bayesian optimization approach. But given the time constraints, that might not be feasible. 

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum over all k, maybe we can use a two-step approach. First, find for each k the optimal h that minimizes the integral for that k, then combine these to find an h that minimizes the maximum. But this is a bit abstract. 

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of dual variables. For each shift k, we can have a constraint that the integral is less than or equal to some value, and then minimize that value. But this is an optimization over all possible k. 

Wait, but that's the original problem. So maybe we can use a reformulation where we introduce variables for the maximum. 

But how to handle that in practice? It's challenging. 

Alternatively, maybe we can use some form of gradient descent with a custom loss function. For example, during the optimization, we can track the maximum value of the integrals and try to minimize that. 

But in the previous code, they're using a function that calculates the maximum of the correlation and then minimize it. So maybe that's already the right approach. 

But perhaps the optimization isn't efficient enough. Maybe we can use a more efficient optimizer. For example, using BFGS with constraints. Or maybe using a different initial guess. 

Another idea: maybe the initial guess can be improved. The initial_h_values is given, but perhaps there's a way to generate a better initial guess. For example, by modifying the existing one to have more balanced regions where h is 0 or 1. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different sampling strategy. For example, instead of 45 points, maybe using a larger n_points (like 50 or 60) would allow for more precise optimization. But the problem says to prefer smaller sequences. However, given the time budget, maybe the current 45 points are manageable. 

Wait, the previous code uses 45 points. The user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe trying with n_points=50 or similar is acceptable. But how to determine that? 

Another thought: the problem's integral is over x in [0,2]. The correlation is computed with mode='full', which gives the full cross-correlation. So for each shift k, the integral is calculated. The max over k is what we need to minimize. 

But perhaps, for certain values of k, the integral is more sensitive. For example, when k is small, the overlap is larger. So maybe the optimal h should be designed to have minimal overlap for all possible shifts. 

Let me think about the structure of h. If h is a periodic function, then shifting it by certain amounts might lead to higher overlaps. But since the domain is [0,2], and the function is a step function, maybe we can model it as having multiple intervals where it's 0 or 1, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

But how to model this? For example, maybe arranging h to have blocks of 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. But since the integral must be 1, the area under h is fixed. 

Alternatively, think about it as a covering problem. The function h should have regions where it's 1, not too close to each other, so that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. 

This sounds similar to the problem of placing items on a line to minimize overlap. Maybe a similar approach applies here. For example, placing intervals where h is 1 in such a way that when shifted, the overlaps are minimized. 

But how to translate this into a step function with a fixed area. 

Another approach: use a genetic algorithm or particle swarm optimization. These are population-based methods that can explore different regions of the solution space. However, given the time budget, perhaps this is too slow. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a combination of local optimization and global search. For example, using random restarts with different initial points to escape local minima. 

But the previous code already uses a random perturbation. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation parameters could help. 

Wait, in the previous code, they do 20 iterations with random perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, but constrained by the time budget. 

Another thing to consider is the choice of optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe other methods, like L-BFGS-B with bounds, could be more efficient. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different cost function. For example, in the current code, the objective is the maximum of the correlation. But maybe we can use an approximation, like the maximum of the correlation values, but with some smoothing or alternative metric. 

Wait, but the max is the exact value we need to minimize. 

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the convolution, maybe we can use Fourier analysis. But the integral is over x and the function is piecewise constant, so the Fourier transform might not be too complex. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly. 

Alternatively, consider the problem as a convex optimization. The integral is a linear function of h, but the maximum of several linear functions (for different k) is the objective. So, the problem is a convex optimization problem, but with a max over linear functions. That can be transformed into a convex problem by introducing a constraint that each integral is less than some value C, and then minimizing C. 

So, the problem becomes: find h and C such that for all k, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx ≤ C, with ∫ h dx =1 and h in [0,1]. Then the minimal C is the sought value. 

This can be modeled as a semi-infinite optimization problem. However, solving this directly is difficult. But perhaps we can approximate it by considering a finite set of k's. 

In practice, since the function is defined on a finite grid, maybe we can approximate the integral by evaluating at the grid points. 

Alternatively, we can use the fact that the maximum over k is the same as the maximum over the correlation values. 

But how to implement this as an optimization problem. For example, using disciplined convex programming (DCP) in CVXPY. 

Wait, the problem can be rephrased as minimizing C, subject to for all k in some discrete set (like shifts that correspond to the grid points), the integral is ≤ C. 

But how to handle the shifts. For example, if the function is sampled at n_points points, then the shifts k can be in the range [-2, 2], but the correlation is computed for all possible shifts. However, for the integral over x, when shifted by k, the overlap would be over the domain of x such that x +k is within [0,2]. 

But given the discretization, the correlation in the code is computed as np.correlate, which gives for each shift k the value of the correlation. However, the integral is approximated by sum(h_i * (1 - h_j)) * dx, where i and j are indices such that x_i +k = x_j. 

Wait, the exact correspondence would be that for each shift k, the integral is the sum over all x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx. But with the grid points, this is approximated by the correlation. However, perhaps the indices for the correlation need to be adjusted. 

But in the code, the correlation is computed with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. So for each l, the value at position l corresponds to shift k = l* dx. 

But this is getting a bit complex. However, the current code uses the correlation and multiplies by dx to get the integral. 

So, using this, the problem is to minimize the maximum of these correlation values multiplied by dx. 

Now, if we can model this as a convex optimization problem in CVXPY, it would be easier. 

But how to handle the constraints. The problem is that the maximum over k is not convex. So, perhaps we can use a big-M approach. For example, introduce a variable C, and for each k, constraint that the integral for shift k is <= C. Then minimize C. 

But for this, we need to have all the integrals computed for all possible k. However, in practice, with the discretization, we can evaluate the integrals for shifts that correspond to each possible k that would cause overlap. 

So, if the function h is represented by n_points samples, the possible shifts k that would result in overlap are those where x +k is in the domain [0,2]. So for each x_i, shifting by k would take x_i to x_j. This corresponds to the correlation values. 

But in the code, the correlation is computed as mode 'full', which gives all possible shifts. However, the actual integrals are only those shifts that are within the interval. 

Wait, perhaps the code's current approach of computing all possible shifts and taking the maximum is correct. 

If we can model this as minimizing C subject to for all shifts k, the integral is <= C, then it's a convex problem. But the problem is that there are infinitely many shifts, but with the discretization, we can approximate this by considering a certain number of shifts. 

But since the function is defined on a grid, maybe we can evaluate the integrals for all k that correspond to the grid. However, in practice, the maximum C could be achieved for a specific k. 

So, the idea is to use CVXPY to solve this problem as a convex optimization. Let's think about how to structure this. 

In CVXPY, we can create a variable h, which is a vector of length n_points. The constraints are that sum(h) == target_sum (since the integral is 1), and each h_i is between 0 and 1. 

Then, for each possible shift k, compute the integral, which is the convolution of h with (1-h) at that shift, multiplied by dx. 

But how to compute the convolution in CVXPY. The convolution of h with (1-h) is equivalent to the cross-correlation. However, in CVXPY, we can't directly compute this for all shifts. 

Alternatively, for each shift k (which corresponds to a certain lag), we can create a constraint that the integral is <= C. 

But for each shift, we need to calculate the integral. This seems computationally heavy. However, for small n_points, it could be feasible. 

Wait, the current code uses n_points=45, which would give a total of 2*45 -1 possible shifts. However, for each shift, the integral can be computed as a dot product between h and the shifted version of (1-h). But how to express this in CVXPY? 

Alternatively, for each shift l (the index in the correlation), we can express the integral as a sum over i of h[i] * (1 - h[(i + l) % n_points]) * dx, but this might not account for the actual domain. 

Alternatively, considering the exact integral, when shifting by k, the integral is over x in [0, 2 -k], but since we have a discretization, it's more complex. 

This seems complicated. Maybe using the current approach of trying to minimize the maximum of the correlation is better. 

But back to the optimization. The previous approach uses a local optimization with random perturbations. Perhaps trying a different optimization method could help. 

Another idea: using a different solver. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could help find better solutions. However, these are more computationally intensive and may not fit within the time budget. 

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of heuristic and local optimization. For example, starting with a random initial guess, then using a local optimizer to refine it. 

But the previous code already does some of that. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different metric for the objective. For example, instead of just the maximum of all integrals, maybe using the sum of squares of the integrals, which could lead to a smoother optimization landscape. However, this might not directly relate to the original problem. 

Alternatively, using a penalty function that penalizes the maximum integral. 

But this brings us back to the same problem. 

Another approach: since the problem is related to the Erdős discrepancy problem, maybe there are known constructions or patterns that could be adapted. But I'm not sure. 

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with the initial_h_values, then does 20 iterations of random perturbation and optimization. Each time, it uses a perturbed guess and tries to minimize the objective. 

But maybe we can do more iterations, but the time budget is tight. 

Wait, the budget is 100 seconds, but the code has a loop that breaks when time runs out. So, if the code takes less than 100 seconds, it can run more iterations. 

But in the previous code, there's a loop with 20 iterations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would help. However, each iteration may take some time. 

Another idea: perhaps adjusting the perturbation parameters. Currently, the perturbation is a normal distribution with mean 0 and scale between 0.01 and 0.15. Maybe varying the scale or using different perturbation strategies. 

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured perturbation, such as swapping certain segments of the initial guess. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using COBYLA, which handles bounds well. 

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with constraints. Another method is to use the SLSQP method but with different parameters. 

Another thought: perhaps using a better initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is not optimal, but if we can generate a better initial guess. For example, by modifying the initial_h_values to balance the regions where h is 1 and 0. 

But without knowing the structure, it's hard to say. 

Alternatively, since the integral is 1, perhaps the optimal h is a step function that has equal areas of 1 and 0 in a certain symmetric way. For example, arranging the 1s and 0s such that no shift causes too much overlap. 

But how to model that. Maybe using a block pattern. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern. 

Wait, if the function is designed such that the 1s are spaced apart, then shifting by certain amounts would cause overlapping regions. 

Another idea: since the integral is over x from 0 to 2, perhaps dividing the interval into regions where h is 1 and 0, such that for any shift, the overlap between the 1 regions and the 0 regions (or vice versa) is minimized. 

But how to ensure that. 

For instance, if the 1s are placed in non-overlapping intervals, then the overlap would be zero. But the integral of h must be 1. So, if the total area of the 1s is 1, then the length of the intervals must be such that their sum is 1. 

If we have, say, two intervals of length 0.5 each, then the total area is 1. But if we shift by a certain amount, the overlap between these intervals would be... For example, if the intervals are placed at the beginning and middle, then shifting by 1 would cause overlap. 

But this is getting into the specifics. 

Alternatively, consider a function that is 1 for a length L and 0 for the rest. The area is L*1 = 1, so L=1. But then, when shifted by k, the overlap integral is the area of overlap between the original interval [a, a + L] and the shifted interval [a -k, a -k + L]. The overlap is max(0, min(a + L, a -k + L) - max(a, a -k)) * dx. 

But this is for a single interval. For multiple intervals, the problem becomes more complex. 

But if we can find a configuration of intervals that minimizes the maximum overlap for any shift k, then that would be ideal. 

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. 

But how to translate this into a step function with a fixed number of intervals. 

Perhaps the optimal is to have multiple intervals spaced evenly. For example, if we have m intervals of length 1/m, then placing them evenly would distribute the overlaps. 

But how to choose m and their positions. 

Alternatively, considering that the domain is [0,2], and the area under h is 1, perhaps using a uniform distribution. But if h is 1 on [0,1], then the integral is 1. But then, shifting by k=0.5 would overlap the entire interval. 

So the overlap would be 1 - 0.5 (depending on how it's calculated). 

But this is not optimal. So, the previous approach of using a step function that is 1 on parts of the interval, but arranged to minimize overlaps, could be better. 

But how to find that arrangement. 

Given that this is a programming problem, maybe the best approach is to use an optimization method that can explore the solution space more effectively. 

So, perhaps modifying the previous code by using a different optimization method, such as using a different solver in CVXPY. 

But how to model the problem in CVXPY. 

Let's think again about the problem: minimize C, subject to for all shifts k, the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k )) dx ≤ C. 

But since we can't check all shifts, we can sample a finite number of them. 

Assuming that the maximum occurs for certain shifts (like small shifts), we can focus on those. 

But how to decide which shifts to consider. 

In the code, the current approach uses the full cross-correlation. So, for each possible shift, the integral is checked. 

But for the purpose of the optimization, perhaps sampling a subset of shifts would suffice. However, this may lead to a suboptimal solution. 

Alternatively, enforcing constraints for all possible shifts. 

But in practice, this is impossible for infinite shifts. 

So, going back, the problem is to minimize the maximum integral over all shifts. 

Another idea: since the integral is a sum over x of h(x) * (1 - h(x +k )) dx, which is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x) h(x +k ) dx. 

But the first term is 1, and the second term is the overlap of h with itself shifted by k. 

So, the integral is 1 - overlap, and the problem is to minimize the maximum of 1 - overlap. 

But the overlap is the integral of h(x) h(x +k ) dx. 

Wait, so the overlap integral in the original problem is 1 - overlap. But then, the problem becomes to maximize the overlap. So, the original problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum of (1 - overlap), which is equivalent to maximizing the minimum overlap. 

This is equivalent to finding the h that maximizes the minimum overlap over all shifts. 

This is a bit different. 

But how does this help? 

Maybe it's better to think of it as an optimization problem where we want to maximize the minimal overlap, but I'm not sure. 

But perhaps this can be translated into an optimization problem where we want to maximize the minimum of the overlap over all shifts. 

But again, not sure. 

Alternatively, given that the maximum of the integrals is the value we're trying to minimize, perhaps using a different formulation where we find h that makes all the integrals as small as possible. 

But this leads us back to the original problem. 

At this point, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code. Let's think about possible improvements. 

First, the previous code uses a local optimization with random perturbations. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations would help, but within the time budget. 

Alternatively, changing the perturbation strategy. Instead of adding random noise, perhaps perform a more systematic search. 

Another idea: use a genetic algorithm. This is a global optimization method that can explore different regions of the solution space. 

However, given that the problem involves high-dimensional optimization (n_points =45), a genetic algorithm may not be efficient enough. 

But let's consider. For each generation, we can have a population of candidate solutions, and evolve them by selection, crossover, and mutation. This could potentially find better solutions. 

However, implementing a genetic algorithm within the time constraints may be challenging. 

Alternatively, use a random restart strategy. Starting from the initial guess, then performing a few optimizations, and then restarting with different initial guesses. 

But in the current code, this is somewhat done through the random perturbations. 

Another thought: the current code uses the same initial guess for all iterations. Perhaps using a different initial guess for each iteration would help. 

For example, in each iteration, we could generate a new initial guess by adding a random perturbation to a previous solution, not necessarily to the initial guess. 

But the current code uses the best solution as the new initial guess for the next iteration. 

Alternatively, maybe using multiple initial guesses and choosing the best one. 

But again, this would require more iterations. 

Another idea: using an optimization method that can handle the constraints better. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances. 

In the previous code, the options include 'ftol'=1e-12 and 'eps'=1e-9. Could this be sufficient? Maybe reducing the 'maxiter' to allow more iterations. 

Alternatively, using a different method like 'Nelder-Mead', which doesn't require gradients but may be slower. 

But the current code uses 'SLSQP', which is a gradient-based method. 

Alternatively, maybe using the 'trust-constr' method in scipy.optimize, which is more advanced. 

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with method 'SLSQP'. Maybe switching to 'trust-constr' could give better results. 

But how to set up the constraints. 

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the current optimization is getting stuck in local minima, and thus the perturbation approach isn't finding the global minimum. 

To mitigate this, perhaps using multiple different initial guesses, and selecting the best result. 

For example, instead of perturbing around the initial guess, generate multiple initial guesses by randomly changing the initial_h_values. 

So, the plan is:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Run multiple optimization runs with different initial guesses, generated by sampling from the initial_h_values with some random perturbations.

3. Select the best solution among all the runs. 

This approach can help avoid local minima. 

But with the time budget, how many such runs can be done? 

In the previous code, they run 20 iterations with random perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of runs (e.g., 50) would help, but need to balance with the time spent. 

Another modification: instead of using a fixed perturbation scale, use a schedule that decreases the perturbation magnitude over time. For example, start with a larger perturbation to explore the space, and then reduce to fine-tune the solution. 

This is called simulated annealing, but with deterministic perturbations. 

Another idea: use the current best solution as the basis for future perturbations. For example, each iteration generates a perturbation around the current best solution, and the optimization is performed around that point. 

This is what the previous code already does. 

So, in summary, the previous code is already doing some of the right things. To improve it further, perhaps:

- Use a different optimizer, like 'trust-constr'.

- Increase the number of iterations (but within the time budget).

- Adjust the perturbation strategy for better exploration.

- Use a different initial guess to avoid local minima.

Let's think about implementing these changes. 

First, let's try switching the optimizer to 'trust-constr', which is more advanced and handles constraints better. Also, using a tighter tolerance for convergence. 

Another idea: use the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds. But this is a local optimizer. 

Alternatively, use the 'SLSQP' method but with more iterations and tighter tolerances. 

Additionally, adjusting the perturbation parameters. For example, starting with a larger perturbation size and gradually reducing it. 

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.

2. For each iteration (within the time budget):

   a. Generate a new initial guess by adding a random perturbation to the current best solution.

   b. Perform an optimization with the new guess, using a more advanced method.

   c. Keep track of the best solution found.

3. After the time is up, return the best solution.

To make this efficient, perhaps adjust the perturbation scale dynamically. For example, start with a larger perturbation scale and reduce it as iterations proceed. 

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. In the previous code, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values multiplied by dx. 

Perhaps to make the optimization more stable, it's better to have a smooth objective function. 

But the current setup is already as smooth as possible. 

Now, let's think about implementing this in code. 

The code structure would be similar to the previous one, but with changes to the optimizer and perturbation strategy. 

For example, using the 'SLSQP' method but with more iterations and better parameters. 

Alternatively, using the 'trust-constr' method, which allows for more efficient optimization. 

However, the 'trust-constr' method may have issues with the constraints. 

Another idea: use the 'L-BFGS-B' method with bounds, as it's a local optimizer but can be fast. 

But without knowing the gradients, this may not work. 

Alternatively, use a more robust method. 

But in any case, the previous code uses 'SLSQP', which is a suitable method for this problem. 

Thus, the main changes would be:

- Increase the number of iterations (more than 20).

- Use a more intelligent perturbation strategy.

- Use a different optimizer. 

So, the modified code would look something like this:

- Use the same initial guess.

- For each iteration, generate a perturbed guess and run optimization.

- Use Trust-Constr as the method.

- Adjust the perturbation scale over time.

But in the previous code, the perturbation scale is randomized. 

Another idea: use a combination of random restarts and local optimization. 

But I'm not sure. 

In conclusion, the best way to improve the code is to:

- Increase the number of optimization iterations.

- Use a different optimizer (e.g., 'trust-constr').

- Adjust the perturbation parameters to explore more effectively.

- Use tighter convergence criteria to find better local optima. 

So, modifying the previous code to include these changes. 

Another thing to consider is that the previous code uses the initial_guess variable, which is updated to the best solution found. So, each iteration tries to optimize around the best solution so far. 

Thus, the code would continue to improve the solution by refining around the current best. 

Now, the code can be structured to run more iterations, with decreasing perturbation scales. 

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's important to balance between the number of iterations and the time spent per iteration.

Let me try to implement these changes in the code. 

First, change the optimizer to 'SLSQP' with more iterations and tighter parameters. Also, use a different perturbation scale, perhaps starting with a larger scale and then scaling down. 

Alternatively, use a fixed perturbation scale but increase the number of iterations. 

Another possible change is to increase the maximum number of iterations per optimization. 

In the previous code, the 'maxiter' is set to 800. This might be too high for the given time budget. 

But with the perturbations, each optimization may take some time. 

Alternatively, reduce the 'maxiter' to a lower number, say 200, and increase the number of iterations. 

But without knowing the exact timing, it's hard to say. 

In the end, the main changes to the code would be:

- Use a different optimizer, perhaps 'trust-constr'.

- Adjust the perturbation scaling.

- Increase the number of iterations.

- Tighten the convergence criteria.

Thus, the final code would reflect these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    current_guess = initial_guess.copy()
    
    for _ in range(150):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Adaptive perturbation scale based on remaining time
        remaining_time = budget_s - (time.time() - start_time)
        perturb_scale = max(0.01, 0.15 * (remaining_time / budget_s))
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(current_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 200,
                'ftol': 1e-9,
                'eps': 1e-8,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                current_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```