<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The task is to find a step function h that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The previous code used a local optimization approach with perturbations, but maybe I can do better.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to minimize C₅, which is the maximum of the integral over all shifts k of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is a step function on [0,2], with integral 1. The previous approach used scipy.optimize with SLSQP, but maybe a different optimization strategy or a better initialization could help.

The current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than that. The previous code had a C₅ of 0.381219. So there's room for improvement.

Hmm, the initial_h_values are given as a starting point. Maybe I should try different initializations. But how could I generate a better starting point?

An idea is to use a more structured approach. For example, maybe a periodic or symmetric function could be better. Since the problem involves overlapping integrals, symmetry might help in distributing the mass of h such that overlaps are minimized.

Another thought: the problem resembles a covering problem. Each shift k corresponds to a certain overlap, and we want to balance these overlaps. Maybe a greedy approach where we try to spread the function's values to avoid overlaps.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over all k, perhaps using Fourier analysis? But I'm not sure how to apply that directly here.

Wait, the overlap integral for a shift k can be thought of as the integral of h(x) over the region where h(x + k) is small. So, to minimize the maximum over k, the function h should be designed such that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is as small as possible.

If I model h as being a combination of intervals where it's 0 or 1, perhaps arranged in a way that overlapping regions are minimized. For example, if h is a union of intervals, then for any shift k, the overlap between the intervals of h and 1 - h would be balanced.

But how to construct such intervals? Maybe using a specific pattern. For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that each interval is spaced to avoid overlaps. But the challenge is to fit exactly one unit of area over [0,2].

Another approach is to use a probabilistic method. For example, model h(x) as a function that tends to be 0 where it's not overlapping with other shifts. But I'm not sure.

Looking back at the previous code, it uses a local search with perturbations. Maybe that approach is too limited, getting stuck in local optima. Perhaps using a global optimization algorithm could help, but that might be computationally expensive. But given the time budget, maybe a more efficient method is needed.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of several integrals, maybe we can model it as a convex optimization problem. However, the integral depends on multiple shifts, making it non-convex. So convex relaxation might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe approximate the problem by considering a finite set of shifts. Since the integral over all k is considered, but perhaps we can discretize the shifts as well. Wait, the current code uses the full convolution, but maybe we can limit the shifts to a certain number to make the problem manageable.

Wait, the code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for an array of length n_points gives a result of length 2n_points - 1. So for each shift k, the integral is approximated. However, the actual integration is over all real numbers k, but the discretization here is based on the samples of h. So maybe the current approach is capturing the main contributions of the integral.

But perhaps I can try to optimize for specific shifts that are known to be problematic. For example, in the Erdős problem, the key is to find a function that avoids overlaps for shifts that are multiples of certain values.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a matrix where each entry is h(x) * (1 - h(x + k)). Then the maximum entry of this matrix is what we need to minimize. So maybe using a gradient-based method that can handle multiple constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses the SLSQP method, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a different method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing, could help escape local optima. However, those methods might be too slow given the time budget.

Alternatively, could I use a better initializer? The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a better way to generate it.

The initial_h_values are not given here, but assuming that they are from the previous run, which had a C₅ of ~0.381. Maybe I can use a different starting point based on known optimal configurations.

Wait, for the Erdős constant, the problem is related to the minimum overlap. The current guess is to get C₅ as low as 0.38085. So perhaps there's a known construction or a better approach.

Another idea: use a function that is constant over certain intervals. For example, split the interval [0,2] into equal parts, and assign h(x) to be 1 in some intervals and 0 in others, such that the total area is 1. But the challenge is to arrange them so that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized.

Suppose we divide [0,2] into m intervals, each of length Δ = 2/m. Then, the function h is 1 in some intervals and 0 in others. The total area would then be the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1. So, to have ∫h dx = 1, we need the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals to be 1, which means m intervals would have (number of 1 intervals) * Δ = 1. For example, if m=45 as in the initial setup, then 1/Δ is 45, and the total length of 1 intervals is 1= (number of 1 intervals) * (2/45).

But how to choose the intervals so that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. Maybe arranging the intervals in a pattern that avoids overlaps for shifts that are multiples of certain values.

But if the function is made up of a few intervals, it's easier to compute the overlaps. However, for a function with many intervals, perhaps the overlaps can be balanced.

Alternatively, consider a function that is 1 on a few intervals and 0 elsewhere, but arranged symmetrically. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart. But the area would be 1, so that works. However, for shifts k that shift one interval into the other, the overlap would be larger.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem where the function h is piecewise constant. For a given number of intervals, we can represent h as a set of positions and widths. But how to optimize that.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary indicator function over certain intervals, but given that the area must be 1, it's not straightforward. However, perhaps for a binary h (only 0 and 1), the problem is easier. But for continuous h, it's more flexible.

Wait, the problem allows h to take any value between 0 and 1, so it's not necessarily binary. This gives more flexibility to distribute the mass in a way that balances overlaps.

So perhaps the previous code's approach of using a continuous optimization is the way to go, but with some improvements.

Let me think about the previous code. It starts with initial_h_values, then does some perturbations and runs SLSQP with constraints. The problem is that SLSQP can get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization method, or using a multi-start approach, or adaptive perturbations.

Another idea: use a genetic algorithm, where each individual is a vector of h values, with fitness function being the maximum overlap. But with 45 points, each individual is 45-dimensional. However, genetic algorithms might be too slow given the time budget.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a global optimization algorithm like COBYLA or another SLSQP variant with better handling of constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed perturbation scale. Maybe varying the perturbation scale more dynamically could help. For example, starting with larger perturbations to explore the space, then smaller ones to refine.

Another thought: the previous code uses the initial guess and then iteratively perturbs it. But maybe using the best solution found so far as the new initial guess each time could lead to faster convergence.

Also, the constraints are that the sum of h is fixed. The previous code uses an equality constraint for this, which is correct.

What about using a different objective function? For example, instead of minimizing the max overlap, perhaps minimize the sum of all overlaps, but that might not lead to the best solution. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so the objective is correct.

Another possible improvement: since the evaluation of the max overlap is done via the convolution, which might have some structure, maybe we can exploit that. For example, if we can find certain shifts where the overlap is high, and then focus the optimization on reducing those.

Alternatively, use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm like gradient descent with momentum, but that might be difficult to implement without knowing the gradient.

Wait, the function to minimize is C5 = max_k (integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx). This is a non-differentiable function because of the max. So using gradient-based methods may not be straightforward. However, in the previous code, the optimization treats the max as a value, and the function to minimize is the maximum of the convolutions. So perhaps using a different approach for the objective.

Another idea: since the maximum is over k, perhaps we can find the critical shifts that contribute the most to the max and focus the optimization on those. For example, during the optimization steps, track which k gives the highest overlap and try to reduce that.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization. Maybe adjust the objective function to be a weighted average of the overlaps, but that might not directly lead to minimizing the maximum.

Alternatively, use a penalty method where the objective includes the maximum overlap plus a penalty for violating the constraints. However, the previous code already uses the maximum as the objective, which is correct.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The current code uses n_points=45, which is manageable. But maybe using a larger n_points could give better results. However, the time budget is limited, and increasing n_points would increase the computation time. For example, with n_points=100, each optimization step would take longer. But the initial code uses n_points=45, which might be the initial_h_values.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses n_points=45, which is acceptable. So perhaps sticking to a similar size is better.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the max overlap. The current code uses numpy.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the full convolution. However, for each h, the max is taken over all the convolution results. But the actual shifts k correspond to different positions in the convolution output. Maybe there's a way to compute only the relevant parts of the convolution, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, since the function is periodic, perhaps the maximum occurs for certain shifts, and we can compute only those.

But I think the current approach is correct.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The loop runs 20 iterations, with perturbations scaled between 0.01 and 0.05. The initial guess is updated each time. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or varying the perturbation scales more could help.

Another possible optimization: using a different optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method, but that requires bounds, which the code already has.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints. Maybe trying different optimization methods could yield better results.

Alternatively, using a random search with some structure, but again, time is a constraint.

Another idea: to use a multi-objective approach, trying to balance the overlaps for different k. For example, if the function is designed to have equal overlaps for all k, then the max would be minimized. But how to achieve that.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game between two players: one trying to maximize the overlap and the other trying to minimize it. The optimal solution would be the equilibrium where the maximum overlap is minimized.

But how to model that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a better initial guess. The initial_h_values may not be the best possible. Maybe generating a different initial guess could help. For example, using a non-uniform distribution of ones and zeros.

Another approach is to use a Fourier series representation. Since the integral over shifts is related to the autocorrelation function. For a function h, the integral over k of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is related to the autocorrelation of h and 1 - h. But not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, think of the maximum overlap as the maximum over k of the expected value of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) where x is uniformly distributed. So, this could be related to the correlation between h and 1 - h.

But again, I'm not sure how to use this.

Let me return to the code structure. The previous code is a local optimizer, but with multiple perturbations. Maybe trying a different way of generating perturbations. For example, instead of adding random noise, use a sampling of different shifts in h, and then optimize.

Alternatively, use a different perturbation strategy. For example, in each iteration, select a random subset of points and adjust them to try to reduce the max overlap.

Another thought: since the problem is to minimize the maximum, maybe the optimal solution has some symmetry. For example, the function h is symmetric around x=1. So maybe enforcing symmetry could help. If the initial guess is symmetric, and the optimization maintains that symmetry, then perhaps better results can be achieved.

But the initial_h_values may not be symmetric. So checking that could be an option. However, this depends on the initial guess provided.

Alternatively, for the code, enforce symmetry in the optimization. For example, by making the function symmetric, thus reducing the number of free variables. This could potentially reduce the computation time and improve the results.

But how to implement that. For example, if n_points is even, then for each i in 0 to n_points//2, h[i] is mirrored to h[n_points -1 -i]. But this would require modifying the code to enforce that constraint. However, the previous code does not have this, so adding such a constraint might help.

Alternatively, even without enforcing symmetry, maybe the optimal function has some symmetry. So if during the optimization, the function tends to become symmetric, that might be a good thing.

But this is speculative. Another approach is to use a different optimization strategy. For instance, using a combination of local search and global search methods.

But under time constraints, maybe the previous approach needs to be refined. Let me think about the code again.

In the previous code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values. Then, for each iteration, a perturbation is added to this initial guess, and the optimization is run. The best result is kept. The number of iterations is 20.

Possible improvements:

1. Increase the number of perturbations or iterations.
2. Use different perturbation strategies.
3. Use different optimization methods.
4. Use a better initial solution.

Let me consider the initial solution. Since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe they are a good starting point. But if I can generate a better initial solution, that could help.

Alternatively, if the initial_h_values are from a previous run, maybe they are a local minimum. So generating a different initial solution could help. But how?

For example, generating a random initial guess with the same sum as required, and then running the optimization. However, with a time budget, it's better to use the initial solution if possible.

Another idea: during the optimization steps, instead of using the same initial guess, use the best solution found so far as the new initial guess. The previous code does this, but maybe it's not enough.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single perturbation scale, vary the scale over iterations. For example, start with larger perturbations to explore the space, then smaller ones to refine.

In the previous code, the perturb_scale is random between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe varying that over time could help. For example, in the first iterations, larger scales to explore, and then smaller as the iterations proceed.

Also, the previous code runs 20 iterations, but perhaps increasing the number of iterations could help. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so need to check if it's feasible.

Alternatively, using different optimization methods. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints. Or using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients.

Another idea: instead of using the initial guess and perturbing it, use a random restart approach. For example, run multiple optimization runs with different random initial guesses, and select the best solution.

But with the time budget, doing this could be expensive. However, if the initial guess is not the best, this might help.

But the problem requires that the code uses the initial_h_values if they are available. The user says to use the initial_h_values directly if available. So the code must use that.

Putting this together, maybe the following changes could help:

- Use a larger number of perturbations and varying scales.
- Use a more efficient optimization method.
- Use the best solution found so far as the initial guess for each subsequent iteration.

In the previous code, the initial guess is updated each time to the best solution. So each iteration uses the best solution from previous steps as the starting point.

Another possible improvement: decrease the perturbation scale as the iterations proceed. For example, in the first few iterations, use larger scales to explore, then smaller scales for fine-tuning.

Also, the options for the optimizer could be adjusted. For example, increasing the maxiter, or adjusting tolerance parameters.

Alternatively, using a different method like BFGS with bounds. Let me check: SLSQP is a constrained optimization method, but BFGS can also be used with bounds. However, since there's an equality constraint, SLSQP is more appropriate.

Another thing: the previous code uses the same initial_guess for each perturbation. But maybe generating different perturbations each time, and averaging the results, could help.

In any case, the main idea is to refine the optimization process to find a better solution.

So, modifying the previous code's perturbation strategy. For example, in each iteration, generate a new perturbation based on a different scaling, and use the best solution found so far.

Also, the current code has a loop of 20 iterations. Let me see: if the code runs for 20 iterations, and each iteration takes 10 seconds (but that's just a rough estimate), then maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but with the time budget, need to be careful.

Another possible change: use a multi-step approach where the code first samples several random initial guesses and runs optimization on them, then selects the best one. But again, time is a factor.

Alternatively, use a combination of local search with a different optimizer. For example, for the first few iterations, use a more global method, and then switch to local refinement.

But given time constraints, maybe the best way is to refine the existing code.

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation scale, but varying it could help. For example, start with larger perturbations, then decrease them.

So, for example, in the first few iterations, use a larger scale, and then scale down. Let me adjust that in the code.

Also, maybe the previous code is too limited by the number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations, but with time budget, perhaps a few more.

Another idea: in each iteration, instead of perturbing the initial guess, perturb the best_h so far, and then optimize from there. This way, the optimization is always building on the best solution found so far.

So, modifying the code to use the best_h as the initial guess for the next iteration.

Another possible improvement is to use more precise optimization settings. For example, adjusting the ftol and eps parameters to get a better convergence.

Also, in the previous code, the objective function computes the max of the convolution, but each time an optimization is performed. However, for each h_values, the correlation is computed once, and the max is taken. So perhaps using a more efficient way to compute that.

But the code is already doing that.

In summary, the plan is to refine the previous code's optimization process by:

1. Varying the perturb scale over iterations (larger at first, smaller later).
2. Increasing the number of iterations or the number of perturbations.
3. Using more precise optimization settings.
4. Ensuring that the best solution is used as the initial guess for subsequent optimizations.

Also, possibly using different optimization methods if they can handle the constraints better.

Another idea is to use the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bounds and equality constraints. Let me check: COBYLA is a derivative-free method, which may be useful here. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which uses gradients. If the function is smooth, then using SLSQP is good, but in cases where the function is non-smooth, COBYLA could be better.

But given that the previous code uses SLSQP with some success, maybe sticking with SLSQP is better.

Putting all this together, the code can be modified to:

- Use the best solution found so far as the initial guess for each new optimization.
- Vary the perturbation scale over iterations, perhaps decreasing it gradually.
- Run more iterations to explore the search space.
- Use more precise optimization options.

Let me try to implement these changes.

In the previous code, the perturb scale is between 0.01 and 0.05. Maybe increasing the upper bound to 0.1 for the first few iterations, then reducing it. Or using a schedule where the perturbation scale decreases as the iterations proceed.

Another thing to note: the initial guess is already part of the optimization. So the first iteration perturbs the initial guess, and the best solution is taken. Then, subsequent iterations start from that best solution, and perturbations are smaller.

So, modifying the perturbation scale based on iteration steps could help.

Also, in the previous code, the number of iterations is 20. Increasing that to 50 might help, but with the time budget, need to check.

But the user allows up to 100 seconds. Assuming that each iteration takes about 5 seconds, 20 iterations would take 100 seconds. If I increase the number of iterations, then the code may run out of time. So need to balance.

Another possible change: reduce the number of optimization steps per iteration. For example, instead of running optimize.minimize with maxiter=1000, perhaps set it to a lower value, like 500, to save time.

But then the optimization steps may not converge as well.

Alternatively, run the optimization with a fixed number of iterations, but with tight tolerances.

So, putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Vary the perturbation scale during the iterations.
- Use the best solution found so far as the next initial guess.
- Run more iterations, but adjust the number based on the time budget.
- Use tighter optimization parameters.

Another possible optimization: precompute the convolution once and track the maximum, but this is already handled.

Another idea: track the maximum overlap during the optimization and adjust the objective to focus on reducing the worst-case overlap. But that's what the current code does.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would involve adjusting the perturbation scale, running more iterations, and possibly using different optimization parameters.

Now, translating these ideas into code modifications.

The code should:

- Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- For each iteration, generate a new perturbation based on a varying scale.
- Run the optimization from the new guess, updating the best solution.
- Adjust the perturbation scale over iterations.

So, modifying the perturb_scale to be a function of the iteration number. For example, in the first few iterations, use a larger scale, then decrease it.

For example:

perturb_scale = 0.05 * (1 - iteration / total_iterations)

But need to adjust this based on the iteration step.

In the code, inside the for loop:

for iteration in range(20):

    if time is up: break

    perturb_scale = ... based on iteration

    perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, ... )

But the exact schedule for perturb_scale is to be determined.

Another idea: start with a larger scale and reduce it exponentially.

For example, initial_scale = 0.1, and in each iteration, multiply by 0.9. So the first iteration uses 0.1, then 0.09, 0.081, etc. This way, the perturbations become smaller over time, allowing for finer adjustments.

This might help in exploring the solution space in the beginning and then refining it.

Additionally, in the previous code, the optimizer is run with maxiter=1000. That might be too high, taking too much time. Perhaps reducing it to 500 or 100, but with tighter tolerance.

Alternatively, use a smaller maxiter but with more iterations of the outer loop.

But need to balance between time and quality.

Putting it all together, the modified code would implement these changes.

So, the final code would have:

- A perturbation scale decreasing over iterations.
- More iterations, but within the time budget.
- Tighter optimization settings.

Another possible adjustment is to use the best solution found so far as the initial guess for each optimization step, which the code already does.

Now, the code can be written with these modifications.

Testing this in code:

The code starts with n_points = len(initial_h_values), and the initial_guess is initial_h_values.

In each iteration, it generates a perturbation scaled by a decreasing value.

But in the previous code, the perturb_scale is between 0.01 and 0.05. Let's change this to start with a higher scale and decrease over time.

For example, for iteration in range(iterations):

    perturb_scale = initial_perturb_scale * (1 - iteration / total_iterations)

So, initial_perturb_scale could be 0.05, and then decrease.

This would allow the code to explore more in early iterations and refine later.

This could lead to better results.

In the previous code, the code currently uses a random scale between 0.01 and 0.05. Changing that to a scale that decreases over time.

Also, increasing the number of iterations to, say, 50, but need to check if it fits within the time budget.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, and assuming each iteration takes about 2-3 seconds, 50 iterations would take ~100 seconds. So perhaps the code can adjust accordingly.

So, the code would:

- Run for more iterations, say, 50.
- Vary the perturb_scale over iterations.
- Use the best solution found as the new initial guess each time.

This should improve the optimization.

Another possible change: use the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is suitable for bounded variables and has good convergence properties. But need to check if the method is available.

The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a constrained method. However, if the problem can be converted into a form that L-BFGS-B can handle, that might be better. But since there's an equality constraint, it might not be straightforward. However, the SLSQP method is already handling the equality constraint.

So, sticking with SLSQP.

In conclusion, the modified code should have these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    import os
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    result = None
    
    # Adaptive perturbation scaling and increased iterations
    total_iterations = 50
    initial_perturb_scale = 0.1
    decay_rate = 0.95
    
    for iteration in range(total_iterations):
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        perturb_scale = initial_perturb_scale * (decay_rate ** iteration)
        perturb = np.random.normal(0, perturb_scale, size=n_points)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + perturb, 0, 1)
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 300, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h  # Use updated guess
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```