<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is even lower. The existing code uses a perturbation-based approach with SLSQP optimization, starting from an initial guess. But maybe I can find a better approach.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that the integral of h over [0,2] is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a random perturbation around the initial guess and then runs SLSQP. But perhaps this is too slow or not effective. Maybe I can use a different optimization method or a better initial guess. Also, perhaps I can use a different approach to generate the initial guess, maybe based on some known patterns or structures.

One idea is to use a more structured initial guess, like using a piecewise constant function with certain periodicity. For example, if the function h is constructed with multiple intervals where it's either 0 or 1, maybe arranged in a way that spreads out the 1s and 0s to minimize overlap. But how to design that?

Another approach is to use gradient-based optimization, but the problem is non-convex and has multiple local minima. Maybe using a global optimization method would help, but they are computationally expensive. However, with the given constraints, perhaps a combination of heuristics could work.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP and perturbations. But maybe the choice of perturbation is not optimal. Instead of adding random noise, perhaps using a more informed perturbation, like moving the function in a way that targets specific overlaps.

Alternatively, maybe a genetic algorithm could be used, but given the time constraints, that might be too slow. Alternatively, using a more efficient local optimization method with better parameter tuning.

Another thought: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x can be thought of as the overlap between the function h and its shifted version. So, the problem is to arrange h such that overlapping with any shifted version is minimized. This resembles a kind of anti-correlation, so the function should be designed to avoid peaks when shifted.

Maybe a better initial guess could be constructed using a more optimal pattern. For example, distributing the 1s as evenly as possible. If the function h is a step function that is 1 over intervals of length 1/2, but spaced so that shifting by k=1 would cause minimal overlap. Wait, the domain is [0,2], so shifting by k=1 would overlap with itself. Maybe a checkerboard pattern?

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of minimizing the maximum overlap. For a given k, the overlap is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Let me think about how this integral can be minimized for different k.

But how to model this in optimization? The problem is to minimize the maximum value of this integral over all k. So, maybe I can model it as a minimax problem.

Another idea: since the integral is over x, and the function h is piecewise constant, perhaps I can discretize the problem more efficiently. For example, using a grid with n_points samples, but maybe choosing a different n_points than the initial 45. Maybe trying a larger n_points? But the code mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed.

Wait, the initial code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is of length 45, then that's the n_points. But maybe trying different n_points? For example, if I can find a better configuration with more points, but that might be slower. But the code allows for n_points being any, as long as the initial_h_values is used. But the user might not have provided an initial_h_values; but according to the problem statement, the user provided one. So I should use that initial_h_values, which is of length 45.

So perhaps the problem is with the optimization method. The current approach uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe adjusting the optimization parameters, like decreasing the tolerance or increasing the number of iterations, or using a different solver like COBYLA or BFGS. Alternatively, using a more efficient local search.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with maxiter=800, which might be too high for the time budget. If each iteration takes too long, the code might not complete all iterations within 100 seconds. So maybe reducing the maxiter, or using a different method with faster convergence.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method like Nelder-Mead, which is derivative-free but might be slower. Or maybe using a hybrid approach.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, each corresponding to a different shift k, perhaps the maximum is determined by only a few key shifts. Maybe the function can be optimized to minimize those key shifts, rather than all of them. But how to identify those?

Alternatively, perhaps using a gradient-based approach with a more efficient way to compute the gradient of the objective function. The current code uses a numerical gradient, which is slow. If I can compute the analytical gradient, that could speed things up.

Wait, the objective function is the maximum of several values. The gradient of the max function is the derivative of the objective function with respect to the parameters. So, if the maximum is achieved at a particular k, the gradient would be the gradient of the integral for that k. So, during optimization, we can track which k gives the maximum and compute the gradient accordingly.

But implementing this would require modifying the objective function to track which k is the maximum and compute the gradient accordingly. That might be more efficient.

But for the code, maybe using a more efficient optimizer. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method, which is better for bound-constrained problems. Or using the 'SLSQP' method but with more efficient parameters.

Another approach: instead of perturbing the initial guess each time, maybe using a better initialization. For example, using a pattern that spreads the 1s over the interval [0,2] as evenly as possible. Since the integral is 1, the total length of intervals where h(x) =1 is 1. If we spread them out, perhaps that would reduce overlap.

For example, if we divide [0,2] into intervals where h is 1 for 1 unit in total. If we spread them into five intervals of 0.2 length, spaced apart. But how to model that.

Alternatively, using a periodic function with a certain period. For example, a function that is 1 for 1/2 of the interval and 0 for the other half, but arranged in a way that the shifts don't overlap much. However, this might not be optimal.

But how to generate such a function. Maybe for the initial guess, I can start with a more optimal pattern. For example, using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern, but ensuring the integral is 1.

Alternatively, using a piecewise constant function with a certain structure. For instance, for the initial guess, distribute the 1s in intervals where they are placed to minimize overlap. Maybe using the initial_h_values provided as a starting point and then fine-tuning it.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum value of integrals, perhaps the optimal h is such that the maximum integral is the same for several shifts k. This could lead to a more balanced solution.

To improve the current code, perhaps the following changes can be made:

1. Use a more efficient optimization method with better convergence, perhaps using BFGS or L-BFGS-B with bounds.
2. Implement analytical gradients to speed up the optimization.
3. Use a more effective initial guess, such as a structured pattern that spreads the 1s out.
4. Adjust the perturbation strategy to target areas where the overlap is higher.
5. Reduce the number of perturbations and focus on more promising regions of the search space.
6. Use a better way to track the maximum integral, possibly precomputing the relevant shifts.

Let me think about the code structure. The previous code initializes with initial_h_values, then runs SLSQP with random perturbations. But maybe the random perturbations are not effective. Instead, maybe using a more informed approach, such as using a grid search around the initial guess or using a local search with multiple starting points.

Alternatively, trying a different initial guess. If the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps generating a better initial guess by modifying it. For example, creating a more spread-out pattern.

But since I can't access the initial_h_values as a literal, I need to generate a better initial guess algorithmically. For example, distributing the 1s evenly in the [0,2] interval.

Suppose I create an initial guess where h(x) is 1 for intervals of length 0.2, placed at positions that spread them out. For example, placing them at positions 0.1, 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, 0.9, 1.1, etc. Wait, but the total integral is 1, so the total length of intervals where h=1 is 1. If we divide [0,2] into 5 intervals of length 0.2 each, but that would total 1.0, so that could be a way. So, for example, placing these intervals at positions that are spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to generate such a pattern? Let me think of it as an array where h is 1 for certain intervals. For a step function with n_points, I need to select positions where the value is 1. However, since the function is piecewise constant, the exact placement of intervals would depend on the discretization.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, create a function that's 1 for 1 unit length, spread out as much as possible. For example, using a uniform spacing. Let me think: since the length is 2, and the integral is 1, the average value is 0.5. But to spread it out, maybe create intervals where it's 1 for 0.5 units, and 0 otherwise, but spaced such that shifting would result in minimal overlap. However, this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, use a sinusoidal pattern. But since the function is piecewise constant, this might not be applicable.

Another approach is to use the current initial_h_values and try to optimize it further. But the code currently may not be getting close enough. Maybe the current code isn't efficient enough and can be improved.

Considering that the previous code uses SLSQP with many iterations and perturbations, but perhaps the main issue is the high computational cost. Maybe a better approach is to use a more efficient optimization method, such as using a surrogate model or a Bayesian optimization approach. However, these are complex and may not be feasible within the time constraints.

Alternatively, using a better initial guess. If the initial_h_values is not optimal, changing it could lead to better results. For example, creating an initial guess with more even distribution of 1s.

But since I can't access the initial_h_values directly, I need to generate a new initial guess. Perhaps creating a function that is 1 for intervals placed at regular intervals, given the n_points.

Let me try to generate such an initial guess. Suppose n_points is 45, the length of initial_h_values. Then, the spacing between adjacent points is 2.0 / 45 ≈ 0.0444. To spread the 1s evenly, perhaps choosing positions where the 1s are placed in intervals of length 0.2 (since total length is 1.0). For example, placing 5 intervals of length 0.2 each, spaced out.

Wait, the total length where h=1 is 1.0. So if I have 5 intervals, each of length 0.2 (total 1.0), then placing these intervals at positions that avoid overlapping when shifted by certain k.

For example, placing the first interval from 0.0 to 0.2, the second from 0.6 to 0.8, the third from 1.2 to 1.4, the fourth from 1.8 to 2.0, and so on. Wait, but the total length is 2.0, so positioning these intervals such that when shifted by k, the overlap is minimized.

Alternatively, arranging the intervals in a way that their centers are spaced apart. For example, if there are m intervals, each of length l, then the placement of these intervals should be such that the distance between their centers is large enough to prevent overlapping when shifted.

But this is getting complicated. Maybe for the initial guess, it's better to create a more structured pattern, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts where h(x)=1 for certain regions.

Another idea: the problem is similar to placing mass on [0,2] such that the overlap with any shifted version is minimized. This is equivalent to making the function h as "spread out" as possible. One approach is to use a function that is 1 on intervals that are as far apart as possible.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a single interval of length 1, but placed in the middle of [0,2]. This would ensure that shifting by k=1 would result in overlapping with the same interval. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, splitting the interval into two parts. For example, h(x)=1 on [0,1], which has length 1. But shifting by k=0.5 would cause overlap with [0.5, 1.5], which would have an overlap of 0.5, leading to integral 0.5 * 1 = 0.5. Which is higher than the current target. So this is worse.

So, perhaps the initial guess should be a more spread out distribution.

Given that the initial code starts with the initial_h_values, which might be a certain pattern, but it's not clear. So, maybe the previous solution is using a certain structure, and the new approach should build on that.

Alternatively, the code could use a different initial guess. For example, using a construction that spreads the 1s in a non-uniform but more even manner. For instance, using a grating pattern with certain periodicity.

But how to generate this algorithmically. Maybe using a sine function. For example, h(x) = 1/2 + 1/2 * cos(2π * x / T), where T is some period. But since we want a step function, perhaps converting this to a step function by thresholding.

But this is getting complex. Let me think about what can be implemented quickly.

Perhaps, for the initial guess, a more even distribution of 1s can be generated by placing them in a way that maximizes the spacing between them. For example, using a uniform distribution over the [0,2] interval with certain intervals where h=1.

Suppose that the area where h=1 is 1.0. So, the average value is 0.5. To spread this out, maybe we can have regions where h=1 with spacing so that when any shift k is applied, the overlap with the original is minimized.

A possible way to do this is to use multiple intervals, each of length l, spaced apart by a distance d, such that their overlap when shifted by k is minimized.

For example, suppose we have m intervals, each of length l. Then, the total length is m*l = 1.0. The spacing between the intervals should be such that when shifted by k, the overlap with the original is minimized.

But how to find m and the positioning of the intervals. This seems like an optimization problem itself.

But considering the time constraints, perhaps for the initial guess, we can create a simple pattern. For example, using 4 intervals of length 0.25, positioned at 0.25, 0.75, 1.25, 1.75, each of length 0.25. But then, shifting by k=0.5 would cause each interval to overlap with another. For example, the first interval [0.25, 0.5] and the second [0.75, 1.0] would have overlap with shift 0.5. Wait, this is getting too complicated.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in 10 intervals of length 0.1 each, spread out over [0,2]. This would have a total length of 1.0. For example, positions starting at 0.0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, 1.0, 1.2, 1.4, 1.6, 1.8, each with length 0.1. But this is 10 intervals, each contributing 0.1. Wait, that totals 1.0. But how to arrange this in the discretization.

But since the initial code uses n_points = 45, which is 45 samples, each sample is 2.0 / 45 ≈ 0.0444. So, if I have intervals of 0.1, they would span 2-3 samples. So, creating a step function where h is 1 for windows of certain positions.

But implementing this as an initial guess would require creating a vector where the h values are 1 for specific intervals. For example, for the initial guess, I can create a vector that alternates between 1 and 0 in a certain pattern, ensuring the sum is approximately 1.0.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain number of points and 0 for others. For example, if the number of points where h=1 is equal to the total length of the interval (in terms of number of samples), but since the integral is 1, which is half of the interval length (since the domain is [0,2], length 2, integral 1 is average 0.5).

So for 45 samples, sum(h) = 45 / 2 = 22.5. So, selecting 22 or 23 points to be 1, and the rest 0. To spread them out, I can spread the 1s as evenly as possible. For example, placing 1s in every other point, but ensuring that the sum is 22.5. Or using a more complex pattern.

But how to generate such a pattern algorithmically. For a given n_points, the initial guess could be generated by placing 1s in positions spaced roughly at intervals of 2.0 / (number of 1s) units apart. For example, if we have m 1s, then each is placed at positions i * (2.0 / m) + offset.

But implementing this would require calculating the positions and then setting h to 1 at those positions. However, for the discretized case, this would translate to which indices have h=1.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the initial guess could be generated by creating a vector where the h values are 1 for the first m//2 positions and 0 for the rest, but this is not spread out.

Alternatively, use a periodic pattern with certain periodicity. For example, repeat a pattern of 1s and 0s that spreads them out.

But I think this is getting too complex. Let's think back to the previous code. The code uses perturbations and SLSQP. Perhaps the main issue is the perturbation method, which could be replaced with a more efficient approach.

Another idea: use a gradient descent approach with momentum, which could converge faster. Or use a more effective optimizer like L-BFGS-B, which supports bounds.

Alternatively, oversampling the function by using more points. But the user prefers smaller sequences. However, perhaps using 45 points is sufficient.

Another possible optimization is to precompute the relevant shifts and focus on their contributions. For example, during the optimization, the maximum may come from a few specific shifts, so focusing on those could be more efficient.

Alternatively, using a parallel optimization approach with multiple starting points, but given the single CPU, this might not be feasible.

So, to improve the code, perhaps the following changes:

1. Use a more efficient optimizer with better convergence, such as L-BFGS-B.
2. Implement analytical gradients for the objective function to speed up the optimization.
3. Reduce the number of perturbations and focus on more promising regions.
4. Use a better initial guess, such as spreading the 1s out evenly.

Let me try to implement these ideas.

First, the initial guess. If the initial_h_values is available, using it. If not, create a structured initial guess. However, according to the problem statement, the initial_h_values is available. So, I'll proceed with that.

Second, optimize the code to use a better optimizer. For example, using L-BFGS-B which is better for bound-constrained problems. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is also an option, but maybe L-BFGS-B is faster.

Third, compute the analytical gradient of the objective function. The objective is the maximum of the correlation values, and the gradient of the maximum with respect to the parameters. So, for each step, the gradient is the gradient of the integral corresponding to the current k that gives the maximum.

So, for the objective function, the gradient is the sum over all x of (1 - h(x +k)) * derivative of h(x) for the current k that gives the maximum. Wait, the integral is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Taking derivative with respect to h_i, which is the value at x_i, the derivative is (1 - h(x +k)) evaluated at x = x_i, multiplied by the derivative of the integral with respect to h_i. However, since the integral is over x, and h is piecewise constant, the derivative of the integral with respect to h_i is the sum over all x such that x is the same as x_i, which is not straightforward. Alternatively, the derivative of the integral with respect to h_j is the sum over all x where h(x) is part of the integral. This is getting complicated.

But for the code, calculating the analytical gradient would require knowing for each h_j, which integrals it contributes to. Since the objective is the max over all k of the integral for that k, the gradient depends on which k is the current maximum.

But perhaps it's easier to approximate the gradient numerically, which is what the current code does with the finite differences. However, that might be too slow.

Alternatively, precompute the integral for each k, track which k gives the maximum, and compute the gradient for that particular k. But for the numerical gradient, this would require evaluating the function twice for each parameter, which is expensive.

But for the code, perhaps using L-BFGS-B with the current objective function is faster.

Alternatively, using a reduced set of shifts to focus on the ones that are likely to be the maximum. For example, only check shifts that are multiples of dx. For example, since the function is sampled at discrete points, the shifts might be limited to certain values. However, this is not straightforward.

Another idea: the current code runs for a fixed number of iterations. Maybe reducing the number of iterations and increasing the number of perturbations isn't efficient. Maybe instead, using a more efficient optimization with fixed steps.

Given the time constraints, perhaps modifying the previous code to use L-BFGS-B and reduce the number of iterations, while using a more effective initial guess.

So, putting this together, the new code would:

- Start with the initial_h_values.
- Use the L-BFGS-B method for optimization.
- Use a more effective perturbation strategy, perhaps starting from the initial_h_values and making small adjustments.
- Possibly precompute the shifts that might be most relevant and focus on them.

But how to implement this in code.

Alternatively, here's a possible improved code structure:

Use the initial guess, and perform optimization with a more efficient method. Maybe using the scipy.optimize.minimize function with L-BFGS-B and bounds.

Also, to speed up the evaluation, using memoization or caching of shifts. But for small n_points, it's manageable.

Let me think about how to code this.

The code would:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum of the correlation values multiplied by dx.
2. Define the constraint that the sum of h is equal to target_sum.
3. Use the L-BFGS-B method, which is better for constrained optimization.
4. Perform optimization from the initial guess.
5. Use early stopping if the time budget is reached.

But how to handle the gradient. The previous code uses numerical gradients, which might be slow. However, with a good optimizer, maybe it's manageable.

Alternatively, precompute all possible shifts and find the maximum. For each shift k, the integral is the correlation between h and 1-h. The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the correlation for all possible shifts. But for a discrete sampling, the maximum may be among these.

But the code currently takes the maximum of the correlation values multiplied by dx. So, the objective function is correctly implemented.

Now, the initial code uses SLSQP with 20 iterations, each with a perturbation. Perhaps changing to L-BFGS-B with fewer iterations but more effective steps could yield better results.

Another optimization is to use the initial guess and perform a single optimization step, perhaps with a larger step size or more iterations.

Alternatively, using a different starting point. For example, creating a new initial guess based on a more spread out pattern.

However, without access to the initial_h_values, it's hard to know what the current pattern is. So, assuming that the initial_h_values is a starting point, and trying to improve it.

Putting all these ideas together, the new code would:

- Use the initial guess.
- Perform optimization with L-BFGS-B.
- Use early stopping based on time.
- Possibly reduce the number of iterations, but increase the number of iterations for each optimizer call.

Also, to reduce time, perhaps reducing the number of perturbations and focusing on the initial guess.

So, modifying the previous code to use L-BFGS-B and adjust the optimization parameters.

Another idea: since the objective function is the maximum of several integrals, which are expensive to compute, but for a given h, the maximum can be computed with a single operation. Therefore, during optimization, it's important to efficiently compute this maximum.

Let me now outline the code changes:

In the previous code, the 'run' function uses optimize.minimize with method 'SLSQP'. Changing this to 'L-BFGS-B' might be more efficient. Also, allowing for more iterations.

Here's a revised plan:

- Use the initial guess.
- Run a single optimization with L-BFGS-B method.
- Set reasonable bounds and constraints.
- Track the best solution found during optimization.

But how to handle the maximum of the integrals. The objective is to minimize that max, so the optimization will target that.

Another possible improvement is to use a multi-stage optimization, such as first optimizing for a few shifts, then others. But this complicates the code.

In the end, given the time constraints, the best approach might be to modify the previous code to use a better optimizer and adjust the parameters. Also, possibly using a different starting point or a more structured initial guess.

But to adhere to the constraints, I'll proceed to code this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    # Use more refined local optimization with L-BFGS-B
    result = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=initial_guess,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={
            'maxiter': 500,
            'ftol': 1e-10,
            'gtol': 1e-10,
            'eps': 1e-8,
            'disp': False
        }
    )
    
    if result.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Additional refinement using trust-constr for higher precision
    if time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 10:
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=best_h,
            method='trust-constr',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={
                'maxiter': 200,
                'ftol': 1e-10,
                'gtol': 1e-10,
                'eps': 1e-8,
                'disp': False
            }
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```