<think>
Okay, so I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is to get lower than 0.380876. The previous code uses a SLSQP optimization with initial guesses and perturbations, but maybe that's not efficient enough. Let me think about how to approach this differently.

First, the problem is to find a step function h on [0,2] such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The integral is computed as the correlation of h and (1-h), then multiplied by dx. The constraints are that the integral of h is 1, and h is between 0 and 1.

The previous code uses a random perturbation approach, but perhaps there's a better way. Maybe using a different optimization method, like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing? But those might be too slow for the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into segments where h is either 0 or 1, and optimizing the positions of these segments.

Another idea is to use a more efficient optimization algorithm. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a gradient-based method with better step size control, or maybe a Bayesian optimization approach? But with the time constraints, I need something that can run quickly.

Wait, the current code starts from the initial_h_values and perturbs them. Maybe instead of perturbing the initial guess each time, I can use a different starting point. Like, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns, such as alternating 0s and 1s in some structured way, or using a more evenly spread out pattern.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into an optimization problem where we model h as a set of parameters, such as positions and widths of intervals where h is 1. Then, the objective is to minimize the maximum overlap integral. But that might be complex to model.

Another approach is to use a more effective optimization strategy. For instance, using a coordinate descent method, where we iteratively adjust each point of h to minimize the objective function, while maintaining the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. However, with the high dimensionality, this might not be efficient.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals over all shifts. This is a maximin problem. Maybe we can use a branch and bound approach, but again, that's computationally expensive.

Alternatively, perhaps the correlation can be approximated in a way that allows for faster computation. For example, using the fact that the correlation is a convolution, and applying fast Fourier transform techniques. But I'm not sure if that would help directly here.

Let me think about the current code. The main issue is that the optimizer might not find the global minimum. So perhaps using a different optimizer, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and can escape local minima better? Or maybe using a combination of methods.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (20) with perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations, but with different patterns. For example, instead of Gaussian noise, using a more structured perturbation, like shifting certain parts of the initial guess.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to evaluate the objective function. For instance, precomputing all possible shifts and then optimizing based on those. But with n_points being around 45, the number of shifts would be 2n_points - 1, which is manageable.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the full cross-correlation. But for our case, the maximum value of this correlation multiplied by dx is the C5 value. Maybe there's a way to compute this more efficiently.

But I'm not sure. Let me think about how to structure the code. The main loop in the previous code is doing multiple perturbations and optimizing each. Maybe instead of doing perturbations, use a different initial setup. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, or some other pattern that's known to have lower overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values are provided, which might be a good starting point. But if that's the case, maybe we can try different variations. For example, generating multiple initial guesses by varying the initial_h_values in certain ways.

Alternatively, maybe the problem can be transformed into a continuous optimization problem where h is represented as a continuous function, then discretized. But that might not be feasible.

Alternatively, since the function is a step function, maybe the optimal h consists of intervals where it's 0 or 1. If that's the case, then the problem becomes finding the optimal positions and widths of these intervals, which can be modeled as an integer programming problem. However, with 45 points, that might be too many variables.

Wait, but for the current problem, the code uses n_points, which was 45. So maybe increasing the number of points would allow for a better approximation? But the user mentions that smaller sequences are preferred, since they are faster to optimize. So maybe keeping n_points around 45-50 is better.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum of integrals over shifts, the optimal solution would have the h function arranged such that the overlap with any shifted version is minimized. This is similar to a covering problem. So, perhaps the h function should be designed to avoid overlapping with itself as much as possible.

For example, if h is a set of intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting by certain amounts would lead to lower overlaps. So maybe the initial guess has some structure that can be modified to make the intervals more spaced out.

Alternatively, using a more evenly distributed pattern. For instance, if the initial guess has h values spread out in a way that they are 1 at certain points and 0 elsewhere, but maybe that's not the case.

So, the previous code's approach is to take an initial guess, then perturb it and optimize. Maybe instead of doing SLSQP, use a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more effectively. However, genetic algorithms are typically slower, but perhaps with a small population and early stopping, it could be feasible.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, even a genetic algorithm might be too slow. So perhaps another approach is better.

What about using a gradient-based method with a more efficient step size and constraints? The current code uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but using a better method.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a problem where we minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation values. For that, maybe using a penalty method where we minimize the objective function while penalizing the constraint.

Wait, the current code uses a constraint_sum function that makes sure the integral of h is 1. The objective is to minimize the max of the cross-correlation.

But the max is a difficult term to optimize. Maybe instead of considering the maximum, we can use an approximated approach, such as considering the worst-case shift and then optimizing based on that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a multi-objective optimization where we try to minimize the maximum value over all shifts. But how to implement that.

Alternatively, for each shift k, compute the integral and then take the maximum. However, that's exactly what the code is doing. So maybe the problem is that the optimizer is getting stuck in local minima.

Another idea: use a different initial guess. The current code starts with the initial_h_values. Maybe generating a different initial guess that's more spread out. For example, generating h values as a sawtooth wave, or using a more even distribution of 1's and 0's.

For instance, if we arrange the h values such that 1's are spaced out as much as possible, then shifting would lead to less overlap. So, maybe the initial guess could be generated by dividing the interval [0, 2] into n_points parts, and placing 1's at regular intervals.

But how to do that in code? Well, for example, if we have n_points, and we want to have approximately n_points/2 1's, spaced as evenly as possible. So perhaps placing 1's at positions where the index is a certain multiple.

Alternatively, generating an initial guess with 1's placed at positions that are similar to a uniform distribution, then adjusting based on some pattern.

But how to do that algorithmically in code. Let's think: for a given n_points, we can create an array where h[i] is 1 if i is in some set of indices, and 0 otherwise. For example, if n_points is even, then placing 1's every other point. But that would be too simple, and perhaps not optimal.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated pattern, such as a periodic function with certain parameters. However, this might be difficult to model.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess could be constructed by starting with the initial_h_values provided and then modifying it. For example, flipping some of the values to 0 or 1 to create a more spread-out pattern.

But given that the initial_h_values are already provided, perhaps trying to use them as a starting point but applying different optimization techniques.

Wait, the previous code's approach was to perturb the initial guess and run SLSQP. Maybe instead of perturbing, we can use a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex method, which doesn't require gradient information and can be more robust to local minima.

Let me think about the code. The current code uses optimize.minimize with method 'SLSQP', which is a sequential least squares programming method. It might be that the problem is not convex, so getting stuck in local minima is common.

Another idea is to use a combination of different optimization methods. For example, first using a global optimization method like differential evolution to find a good starting point, then using SLSQP for refinement.

Differential evolution (DE) is a population-based optimization algorithm that can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, it might be slower, but with a time budget of 100 seconds, it's possible to run it for a limited number of generations.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution as the initial optimizer, then using SLSQP for fine-tuning.

But the question is: how to implement this within the code. Let's think.

The DE approach requires setting up a population of candidate solutions, and evolving them through generations. Each candidate solution is an array of h values. However, with the constraints that the sum is exactly n_points/2 and h is between 0 and 1.

But differential evolution can handle bounds easily. The constraint on the sum can be incorporated as a penalty in the objective function, or as an equality constraint. However, incorporating equality constraints into DE might be complicated. Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function includes a term that penalizes deviations from the sum constraint.

But this might be computationally expensive. Let me think: the DE optimizer can handle bounds (h between 0 and 1), but the sum constraint is an equality constraint. So, perhaps modifying the objective function to include a penalty for the sum deviating from the target value. However, during the optimization, the sum is supposed to be exactly n_points/2, so any solution that doesn't meet that would be penalized.

But then, the main objective is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. So the overall objective would be the max of the cross-correlation plus a penalty term for the sum constraint.

Alternatively, during the optimization process, ensure that the sum is maintained through some regularization. But this might be tricky.

Alternatively, since the optimization is performed with SLSQP, which can handle equality constraints, maybe the initial DE population is used to find a good starting point, and then SLSQP is used to refine it. However, DE may not be the best approach for this problem.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which could be more efficient in finding the optimal parameters. But I'm not sure how to implement that quickly in code.

Another idea: since the function is a step function, perhaps the optimal solution can be represented by arranging certain intervals where h is 1, and other intervals where it's 0. So perhaps, instead of using a continuous optimization over the h values, model the h as a binary choice of 0 or 1 in certain positions.

But this would be an integer programming problem, which is NP-hard. However, with n_points around 45, maybe some heuristic can be applied.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm: select positions to place 1's such that the overlap with any shift is minimized. But this is vague.

Alternatively, let's think of the problem differently. The maximum integral over shifts is equivalent to the maximum area of overlap between h and (1-h) shifted by k. This is similar to placing a shape in a space such that overlapping with a shifted version is minimized.

This is analogous to anti-correlation. So perhaps the optimal h is a function that has as much varied structure as possible, avoiding self-overlaps.

But how to translate this into an algorithm.

Perhaps the initial approach is to use a different optimization method. Let's consider changing the optimization method from SLSQP to Nelder-Mead, which is a simplex-based method that doesn't require gradients. This can sometimes escape local minima better.

So, modifying the code to use 'Nelder-Mead' as the optimization method. Let's test this idea.

Another thing to consider is the initial guess. The current code uses the initial_h_values and perturbs them. But maybe a better initial guess would be to spread out the 1's more evenly. For example, if the initial guess is a uniform distribution of 1's and 0's arranged in a regular pattern.

Alternatively, generating the initial guess by placing 1's at positions where i/n_points is approximately in certain spaced intervals, ensuring that the 1's are not too close together.

But this is a bit vague. How to implement this?

For example, if we want to have approximately n_points/2 1's spread out as evenly as possible, we can place them at points that are spaced by 2/(n_points/2) = 4/n_points. So, spacing them every 4/n_points units. But how to map this to the discrete indices.

Alternatively, using a space-filling curve or other method to spread the 1's.

But perhaps a better approach is to use a different initial guess. For example, the previous code starts with the initial_h_values. If that's a certain pattern, perhaps modifying it by shifting the 1's to be more spread out.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, this is difficult. However, according to the problem statement, when initial_h_values is available, it should be used directly. So perhaps the initial_h_values is already a good starting point, and the code should focus on improving the optimization strategy.

So, perhaps the key is to use a more effective optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which may not find the global minimum quickly. Maybe using a different method like L-BFGS-B (which is a variant of quasi-Newton) or another method.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For instance, first using a genetic algorithm to find a good candidate, then using SLSQP to refine it.

But considering the time constraints, genetic algorithms might be too slow. For example, with a population size of 100, and 10 generations, it could be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a coordinate descent approach: iterate over each position and adjust it to minimize the objective function, while maintaining the sum constraint.

But this could be very slow for large n_points.

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlation. This is equivalent to ensuring that for all k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is low. Since the maximum is taken over all k, perhaps the optimal h is such that for all k, the overlap is approximately the same, leading to a balance among all shifts.

So, perhaps the solution is symmetric in some way. For example, h could be a periodic function with certain symmetry.

But again, how to model this.

Alternatively, using a Fourier approach. Since the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) is a convolution, which can be analyzed using Fourier transforms. However, the maximum of this over k would require finding the maximum of the Fourier coefficients, which might not be straightforward.

But maybe this approach can give some insight into the optimal h function. For example, the optimal h would have small Fourier coefficients, leading to a small overlap. However, this is a bit too abstract.

Back to the code. The current approach uses SLSQP with multiple perturbed initial guesses. Perhaps the key is to use a better optimization method. For example, using a hybrid approach where the initial perturbations are done with a different method, such as a random set of points that are more spread out.

Alternatively, using a simulated annealing approach, which randomly perturbs the current solution and accepts worse solutions with a probability that decreases over time. This could help escape local minima.

But again, implementing simulated annealing might be time-consuming.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to try to modify the code to use a different optimization method and see if it can find a better solution.

For example, changing the optimization method to 'L-BFGS-B' which is a limited-memory BFGS algorithm with bounds. This method may converge faster than SLSQP in some cases.

Alternatively, trying to reduce the number of iterations and using a better step size.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code computes the cross-correlation using numpy.correlate, which is efficient. However, the maximum of this correlation is the C5 value. To optimize, maybe precompute all the possible shifts for a given h and find the maximum, which is what the code is already doing.

Another idea: since the integral is computed as the correlation multiplied by dx, and dx is 2/n_points, maybe the code can be optimized by considering the correlation without scaling.

Wait, the code computes corr = np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which for mode 'full' gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. Then it multiplies by dx. So, the maximum value of corr * dx is the C5 value. However, the correlation's indices correspond to shifts from 0 to 2n_points - 2. But the actual shift k is from -n_points + 1 to n_points - 1, which corresponds to different positions.

But the code is correct in that it takes the maximum over all these shifts.

Now, considering all this, perhaps the previous code can be improved by using a different optimization method and/or different initial guesses.

Another point: the current code uses a perturbation approach, which adds random noise to the initial guess. However, this might not be the best way to explore the search space. For example, instead of adding Gaussian noise, we could generate several different initial guesses using different patterns, like spacing out the 1's, and then optimize each one separately.

But how to generate these patterns algorithmically.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. However, the initial guess is already given, so perhaps modifying that to be a more spread out pattern.

Alternatively, trying to generate a binary initial guess where h is 1 at certain positions. For example, placing 1's at positions that are spaced evenly.

For example, if n_points is even, then placing 1's at positions i where i mod m == 0 for m = n_points/2. But this would be a simple pattern that might not be optimal.

But this seems like a possible approach. For example, if the initial guess is made by placing 1's at every other point, but that's too regular and might lead to overlaps.

So, the code could generate a different initial guess by placing 1's in a more spread out manner. For example, using a spatial arrangement where each 1 is as far as possible from the others.

But how to implement this in code. For example, using the initial_h_values as a starting point, but then modifying it by spreading out the 1's.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to build the initial guess.

Alternatively, the code could try multiple different initial guesses, for example, using a random binary vector with the required number of 1's and then optimizing each one. But this would increase the computational time.

However, given the time budget, it might be feasible to try a few different initial guesses and see which one leads to a better result.

In the previous code, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values. Perhaps generating a different initial guess, say, a randomly generated binary vector with the required number of 1's, and then optimizing that. This could help avoid getting stuck in local minima around the initial_h_values.

So, modifying the code to try multiple random initial guesses, optimize each one, and keep the best result.

But for the code to run within the time budget, this would require that each optimization is done quickly.

Another idea: use a different optimization method for each initial guess. For example, first, generate a random binary vector with the required number of 1's, then optimize using a method that's fast.

Alternatively, using a very simple initial guess, like alternating 1 and 0, but with the correct number of 1's. For example, if n_points is even, then every other position is 1 and 0. If n_points is odd, adjust accordingly.

But how to implement this in code.

For example, the code could have a function to generate initial guesses with different patterns, then optimize each of them.

But since the problem allows for small sequences, perhaps generating a few different initial patterns and optimizing them would be worth trying.

But given the time constraints, it's better to focus on modifying the existing approach.

Perhaps the best approach is to try using a different optimization method, such as Nelder-Mead, which is simplex-based. Let me think.

Modify the code to use 'Nelder-Mead' as the method in optimize.minimize. This might find better solutions than SLSQP.

But I need to test this. Let me imagine what the code would look like.

In the previous code, the optimization is called as:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

Changing 'method' to 'Nelder-Mead' would allow for different optimization behavior.

But Nelder-Mead requires bounds, which it does, and doesn't handle constraints directly, so the constraint_sum may need to be handled differently. Or, perhaps the constraint is included as a penalty in the objective.

But in the current code, the constraint is handled as an equality constraint. If we switch to Nelder-Mead, which doesn't support equality constraints directly, we might have to penalize the objective function for deviations from the sum constraint.

So, modifying the objective function to include a penalty term for the sum. For example:

def objective(h_values):
    h = np.array(h_values)
    corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx + penalty * abs(np.sum(h) - target_sum)

But this would add a penalty for not meeting the sum constraint. However, the penalty needs to be chosen such that it's not too large compared to the objective.

Alternatively, using the constraints as an equality constraint with the SLSQP method is more precise, but Nelder-Mead might not support that.

So, perhaps using SLSQP is better for this problem.

Another point: the current code does 20 iterations of perturbation and optimization. Maybe reducing the number of iterations but increasing the number of perturbations, or using a different perturbation strategy.

Alternatively, using a more efficient perturbation method. Instead of adding Gaussian noise, adding a random perturbation that flips some bits, or adjusting specific parts of the solution.

But this might be complicated.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the same initial guess multiple times, use a different initial guess for each optimization. For example, generate several different initial guesses by randomly placing 1's, then optimize each one.

But again, this requires more computational time.

Overall, the previous code is a good starting point, but the limitation is that it might get stuck in local minima. To improve it, perhaps trying a different optimizer, like using the Nelder-Mead method for a few trials, or using differential evolution for a few generations.

But considering the code's structure, the time budget is 100 seconds. So, if the code can run for a few iterations of optimization with different methods, it might find a better solution.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps. For example, starting with the initial guess and optimizing with Nelder-Mead, then using SLSQP for refinement.

So, modifying the code to experiment with different optimization methods and parameters.

Another possible tweak: increasing the number of perturbations but with smaller steps. Or, using a more systematic perturbation, such as adjusting specific regions of the h array.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. For example, using convolution instead of correlation, but I think the current approach is already efficient.

Now, given the time to write the code, the key is to try to implement a different optimization approach, perhaps using a different method and/or different initial guesses.

So, here's a plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate a few different initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values with different patterns.
- For each initial guess, run an optimization using a more efficient method (like Nelder-Mead) to minimize the objective function.
- Track the best result found.
- Return the best result.

But how to implement this in the code.

Alternatively, modify the existing code to use a different optimization method. Let's try changing the method to 'L-BFGS-B', which is a bounded method that uses gradients.

But to use that, we need to compute the gradient of the objective function with respect to h_values. However, calculating the gradient might be complex.

Alternatively, use a method that doesn't require gradients, like 'COBYLA' which is a constrained optimization method that doesn't require gradients. This could be an option.

Wait, the code is using SLSQP, which is a method that requires gradient information. If the objective function is not differentiable, it might cause issues. But in this case, the objective function is the maximum of a correlation, which is piecewise smooth.

But COBYLA is a method that doesn't require gradients and handles bounds and linear constraints. However, it does require the constraints to be smooth.

So, perhaps switching to COBYLA might help.

But I need to check the method parameters.

Alternatively, using 'SLSQP' with tighter settings.

In summary, to improve the previous code, I can try using a different optimization method like COBYLA or Nelder-Mead, and also experiment with different initial guesses.

Let me draft the code accordingly. Here's the revised plan:

- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Run the optimization using the 'COBYLA' method, which handles bounds and constraints without requiring gradients.
- Generate multiple initial guesses by perturbing the initial_h_values with different patterns (e.g., small random perturbations, or spreading out 1's).
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using COBYLA, keeping track of the best result.
- Return the best result found.

But to implement this, I need to modify the code's optimization method and possibly generate different initial guesses.

Another point: the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (20). Maybe increasing the number of iterations could help, but with time constraints, that might not be feasible.

In code:

Instead of using SLSQP, change the method to 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead', and adjust the optimization parameters.

Let me think about the code. Here's a snippet:

In the previous code, the optimization is done with:

result = optimize.minimize(
    fun=objective,
    x0=perturbed_guess,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
    options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
)

Changing method to 'COBYLA' would be:

method='COBYLA'

But 'COBYLA' does not support equality constraints, but the constraint_sum is an equality constraint. Oh right, COBYLA handles bounds and general constraints, but the equality constraint is handled as part of the constraints.

Wait, COBYLA can handle bounds and general smooth constraints (like equality and inequality). So, in this case, the constraint_sum is an equality constraint. Therefore, using 'COBYLA' with the same constraints might be possible.

However, the 'COBYLA' method may not converge as quickly as SLSQP. But perhaps it can find better solutions.

Alternatively, using 'L-BFGS-B' which is a bounded method, but requires the gradient.

But calculating the gradient of the objective function is complicated, as it's the maximum of a correlation. So, perhaps not.

Thus, using 'COBYLA' might be a better choice for this problem.

So, modifying the code's optimization method to 'COBYLA' and seeing if it finds better results.

Another thing to consider is that in the previous code, the initial guess is perturbed and then used as the starting point for the optimization. By switching to 'COBYLA', the code may find a better solution.

Thus, the revised code would have:

- Same initial guess as before, but with method changed to 'COBYLA'.

But also, maybe adjusting the number of iterations or other options.

Additionally, generating multiple different initial guesses, possibly with different perturbation strategies, to find a better starting point.

Another idea: instead of adding random noise to the initial guess, generate a few different initial guesses by setting certain positions to 1 or 0 in a structured way.

For example, create an initial guess where 1's are placed at certain positions, such as every other position, or even-spaced.

But without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, this might be risky. However, the initial_h_values are provided, and the code can use them as the starting point.

Alternatively, generate a few different initial guesses and optimize each with different methods.

But for the sake of time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method and see if it improves the C5 value.

So, the revised code would change the optimizer to 'COBYLA', and possibly adjust other parameters.

Let me also consider changing the number of perturbations. For example, reducing the number of iterations but using a better optimization method.

Putting it all together, the updated code would:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Apply a random perturbation to it.
3. Use 'COBYLA' optimization with bounds and constraint.
4. Repeat for multiple iterations.
5. Return the best result.

This is the general plan.

Now, considering the code structure, here's how to implement it.

Inside the run function:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
- Generate multiple perturbations, each time using a different method.
- For each perturbation, run the optimization with COBYLA.

Let me write this in code.

But the code needs to be written within the given constraints.

Finally, considering all this, the code should be modified to use a different optimization method, possibly 'COBYLA' or 'Nelder-Mead', and possibly explore more initial guesses.

But due to time constraints, implementing this in the code.

So, here's the revised code:

Import the necessary modules. Then, define the run function.

Inside the run function, define the objective and constraint_sum as before.

The main loop would iterate over a number of trials, each time perturbing the initial guess and optimizing with a different method.

Perhaps using 'COBYLA' as the method.

Now, the code would look like this.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    start_time = time.time()
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    for _ in range(20):  # Reduced iterations for speed
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s:
            break
        # Structured perturbation: shift and flip
        perturbation = np.zeros_like(initial_guess)
        perturbation[np.random.choice(n_points, size=5, replace=False)] = np.random.choice([-1, 1], size=5)
        perturbed_guess = np.clip(initial_guess + 0.05 * perturbation, 0, 1)
        # Use COBYLA for constraint handling
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed_guess,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10}
        )
        if result.success:
            current_c5 = objective(result.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = result.x
                initial_guess = best_h
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```