<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős problem constant C₅. The user has provided a previous Python script that uses a combination of random perturbations and optimization methods like Nelder-Mead and SLSQP. The current best is around 0.381064, and the goal is to get it lower, ideally under 0.380876.

Hmm, the strategy mentioned in the plan is to try different algorithmic ideas. The previous approach does local optimization with some perturbations, but maybe it's getting stuck in local minima. So perhaps I should try a different optimization approach. Maybe something like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms? But given the time constraints of 1100 seconds, those might not be efficient enough. Wait, maybe a different optimizer, like differential evolution?

But wait, the original code uses Nelder-Mead followed by SLSQP. What if I can handle the constraints better in the optimization? Another thought: the integral constraint is crucial. The function has to sum to exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses a finalize_h function that scales the perturbations to meet that constraint. However, scaling might not always be effective. Maybe integrating the constraint directly into the optimization is better.

Wait, the problem is a constrained optimization problem where the sum of h must be exactly target_sum. The initial approach uses SLSQP with an equality constraint on the sum. But maybe that's too slow or not effective enough. Perhaps using a different constraint handling method, or even transforming the variables to always satisfy the sum constraint. For example, using Lagrange multipliers or a reparameterization.

Another angle: maybe the step function can be represented in a way that more efficiently explores the space. For example, using binary variables in some regions, but since h is in [0,1], it's continuous. Alternatively, maybe using a basis function expansion to represent h, but that might complicate things.

The previous code uses a two-phase optimization for each perturbation: first Nelder-Mead, then SLSQP. What if I adjust the parameters of those steps? For example, increasing the number of iterations for SLSQP? Or maybe changing the optimizer sequence, like using a gradient-based one first?

Wait, the current SLSQP step uses 200 maxiter. Maybe increasing that to 500 would give a better solution, but would take more time. However, considering the time budget of 1100 seconds, maybe the number of perturbations is too low. Perhaps reducing the maxiter for SLSQP and doing more iterations of the perturbation loop?

Alternatively, maybe the perturbation is not aggressive enough. The original code adds Gaussian noise with scale 0.1. What if I increase the perturbation strength or use a different perturbation method, like randomly setting some points to 0 or 1, or swapping parts of the function?

Another idea: since the C₅ is the maximum over the cross-correlation terms, maybe focusing the optimization on the largest terms. For example, after computing conv in compute_c5, instead of taking the max, perhaps prioritizing those shifts that are peaked near certain positions. Maybe modifying the optimization objective to target the problematic shifts.

Wait, but the optimization function needs to minimize the maximum. So in the optimize, compute_c5 returns the maximum. But maybe using different formulations, like using the sum of the top few maximums, to guide the optimizer better. However, that might complicate the optimization landscape.

I think the previous code does a lot of perturbation followed by Nelder-Mead and SLSQP. But perhaps the perturbation is too random and not effective. Let me think about the finalization step. The finalize_h function first clips to [0,1], then scales to the target_sum. But scaling can distort the function. Maybe instead, to preserve as much as possible the relative values, but that's part of the problem.

Wait, another approach could be to represent the function in a way that the sum constraint is inherently satisfied. For example, using a softmax-like approach, but since the sum is linear, maybe using variables that sum to zero and adding an average. Alternatively, using Lagrange multipliers in the optimization to directly handle the constraint.

But how to integrate that into the code. Let's think again. The SLSQP part is supposed to handle the sum constraint. Maybe the optimization is not effective because the initial perturbed point is too far from the feasible region. Or perhaps the convergence criteria are too strict or not.

Another thought: the initial_h_values is given, but maybe trying different initializations. For example, using a uniform distribution, or a step function where h is either 0 or 1 in certain regions. Wait, but the sum has to be 1. So if n_points is 42, the initial sum is 21. Maybe a better initial guess is needed.

But the problem says not to paste initial_h_values. The user wants to use the provided initial_h_values. So the code must start from that.

Wait, maybe instead of just using a random perturbation, I can do more strategic changes. For example, in each iteration, pick a few indices and swap their values to balance the function. For instance, take a region with high h and another with low h and adjust them. This could help in maintaining the sum.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm approach where possible candidate solutions are evolved, combining features from multiple parents. But again, with the time constraints, that might be too slow.

Perhaps a better way would be to use a different optimizer that can handle constraints more efficiently. For example, the Sequential Least Squares Quadratic Programming (SLSQP) is already used. What if I use a different method for the optimization, such as 'L-BFGS-B'? Let me check the scipy documentation. 'L-BFGS-B' supports bounds and constraints? Wait, no. For equality constraints, SLSQP is necessary. So perhaps using a different approach here.

Another idea: in the previous code, the SLSQP step uses an equality constraint. But maybe combining this with some kind of regularization or penalty on the C₅ value. Wait, but the objective function is already to minimize C₅.

Alternatively, maybe using a multi-stage approach where first the function is optimized with a certain step size, then refined with another approach. Or using a coordinate descent method where individual points are adjusted one by one to reduce the C₅.

Wait, given that the function is a step function with n_points samples, each point can be considered as a variable. The problem is thus a non-linear optimization with n_points variables, constraints on each variable (between 0 and 1), and a constraint on the sum. Solving this is challenging, especially because the objective function is non-convex.

The key is to find a better way to explore the solution space. The current code's approach is to generate random perturbations and optimize. But perhaps that's not sufficient. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as structured changes, or exploring the regions around the current best solution with different step sizes.

Another angle: the evaluation of the C₅ is done via convolution. The maximum over the convolution. So, perhaps the current function has some specific shifts k where the overlap is high. If we can identify those regions, we could focus the optimization on modifying h to reduce those overlaps.

But how to incorporate that into the optimization loop. Maybe the compute_c5 function could return not just the max, but also the indices where the max occurs. Then, during optimization, we could adjust the function to target those shifts. However, the problem is that during optimization, the objective function must be smooth, and tracking specific maxima indices might not help.

Alternatively, maybe modifying the objective function to include a weighted combination of the top few maxima, thus making the optimizer work on reducing those main problem points. But I'm not sure if that would work effectively.

Let's think about the code structure. The user's code performs a while loop over the time budget, each iteration perturbs the current best solution, then runs Nelder-Mead, then SLSQP. Each time, if a better solution is found, it updates the best.

To improve upon this, perhaps adjusting the hyperparameters of the optimization steps. For example, increasing the number of iterations for the SLSQP step. But that would use more time. Alternatively, reducing the number of iterations per optimization step to allow more perturbation cycles.

Another thought: in the SLSQP optimization, the current code uses 200 iterations with a tolerance of 1e-8. Maybe tightening the tolerance or increasing the maxiter could help. However, this might take longer per iteration but could lead to better solutions. But given the time budget, perhaps it's better to find a balance.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization strategies in sequence. For instance, after the SLSQP, apply a gradient-free method like COBYLA or using the 'Nelder-Mead' again with different parameters.

Wait, another idea: the initial perturbation adds Gaussian noise with a standard deviation of 0.1. Maybe varying this value, or using adaptive perturbation sizes based on the success of previous steps. For example, if a perturbation leads to a better solution, increase the variance; if not, decrease it. That's a bit like simulated annealing, but implementing that within the time budget could be tricky.

Alternatively, using a different perturbation method: for each perturbation, randomly select a subset of points and invert their values (set to 1 if they were 0, or 0 if they were 1, scaled appropriately), then adjust the sum. But since the function isn't exactly binary, this is more complicated.

Another approach: since the sum must be exactly 1, maybe model the problem in terms of variables that are the differences from the mean. For example, if h is represented as a base value (target_sum / n_points) plus a deviation, but with the constraint that the sum of deviations is zero. But then, the variables must also stay within [0, 1]. This reparameterization might help in optimization.

But integrating this into the code would require significant changes. The current 'finalize_h' function scales the values to get the correct sum, which might not maintain the original shape of the perturbations.

Hmm. Let's consider the code again. The current code uses Nelder-Mead with maxiter 100 and xatol 1e-4, then SLSQP with maxiter 200 and ftol 1e-8. Maybe the Nelder-Mead is not effective here because it's a constrained optimization, and it's happening before SLSQP. Alternatively, perhaps the Nelder-Mead is a step to quickly find a rough improvement, and SLSQP refines it. But perhaps we can skip Nelder-Mead and directly use SLSQP on the perturbed solution.

Wait, in the current code, after generating a perturbed h_pert, it runs Nelder-Mead to optimize. But maybe the Nelder-Mead is not necessary and could be time-consuming. Removing that step and going directly to SLSQP could save time, allowing more iterations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different method that can handle the constraints more directly. For example, using a penalty function approach in the objective function to enforce the sum constraint. So, the objective function would be the original C₅ plus a penalty term that's high when the sum of h deviates from the target. But this would require adjusting the penalty multiplier during optimization, which might complicate things.

Another idea: during the SLSQP optimization, use the jacobian of the objective. But since the objective is the maximum of the cross-correlation, it's non-differentiable. So the gradient-based methods might struggle with the max in the objective.

Hmm. So, perhaps using a more robust optimization method for the max function. But that's difficult. Alternatively, during the optimization, the maximum is tracked, and the gradient is computed according to the index where that max occurs. However, scipy might automatically handle that, but the optimization could still be challenging.

Wait, looking at the code's compute_c5 function: it's simply taking the maximum. So the gradient would be non-continuous. Maybe a better approach is to relax the objective to something like the sum of top-k maxima. For example, using the sum of the top 3 maxima to make the optimization landscape smoother. But that's changing the problem, which is not allowed unless it's part of the optimization strategy.

But the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so the actual objective is correct. However, during optimization, the gradient may be zero except around certain regions. So optimizing the maximum is tricky.

An alternative approach is to use a more global optimization strategy, such as Bayesian optimization. But with 42 variables, that's computationally expensive and time-consuming. Also, the time budget is 1100 seconds, which might not be enough for Bayesian optimization.

Another angle: the user's code uses a loop that combines perturbation and optimization. What if, instead of starting from the perturbed solution, I use the previous best solution as the starting point for each optimization? That might not help if the space is rugged. Or maybe start each optimization from a different point to cover the solution space better.

Another thought: the initial code may be getting stuck in local optima because the perturbations are too small. So, increasing the perturbation strength could help exploration. For example, increasing the standard deviation from 0.1 to maybe 0.5, but then the 'finalize_h' scaling might clip it back. But maybe the combination of larger perturbations and better optimization could lead to better solutions.

Wait, the current perturbation is adding Gaussian noise multiplied by 0.1. That's a small change. Maybe increasing the scale to 0.3 or even 0.5 would introduce more variability. However, the 'finalize_h' function clips to [0, 1] and then scales. So if the sum is not maintained, it's scaled. But that scaling might not be effective, especially if the sum is close to zero or very high. For example, if the perturbed h is almost all zeros or ones, scaling could lead to a very different function.

But perhaps the larger perturbation is needed to escape local minima. How about trying that?

So, in the code, the line is:

pert = np.random.randn(n_points) * 0.1

Changing that to 0.3 might increase exploration. Also, perhaps using different types of noise, like uniform noise instead of Gaussian. Let me test that in my mind. Uniform noise might spread the values more evenly. But since the code is not actually running, I have to think about what would be better.

Another idea: instead of adding noise, swap a random number of elements. For example, pick two positions, swap their values (after clipping and scaling). But this would require adjusting the code.

Let me think: if I replace the perturbation step with random swaps, that could be more effective. For example, for a fraction of the points, swap their values. Let's see. For each perturbation, randomly select 10-20 indices and invert their values (i.e., if h[i] is 0.2, maybe add or subtract some amount, but ensuring they stay within [0,1]). Then scale to meet the sum. But how to determine the right swap.

Alternatively, perhaps the main problem is that the current perturbation is not effectively moving the solution to better regions. So, making the perturbation more aggressive could help.

So, the plan is to modify the code in the following ways:

1. Increase the perturbation magnitude for better exploration. Maybe use a higher noise scale.

2. Adjust the optimization steps. For example, increase the maxiter for SLSQP to allow more thorough optimization but do fewer perturbation steps. Or vice versa.

3. Use different optimization methods. For example, instead of Nelder-Mead followed by SLSQP, maybe use a different sequence.

4. Modify the finalization step to better maintain the sum constraint.

5. Try multiple different types of perturbations, like mixing Gaussian noise with swaps.

Let's try modifying the code according to these ideas.

In the code, the perturbation is currently adding Gaussian noise with scale 0.1. Let's increase that to 0.3. Also, in the finalize_h function, the current approach is to clip and then scale. But scaling can distort the solution. Maybe a better approach is to adjust the values to maintain the integral constraint without scaling. For example, adjusting the function by adding an offset. But given that h must stay within [0,1], this is challenging. Another approach: if the current_sum is not equal to target_sum, find the minimal set of indices to adjust to correct the sum without going out of bounds.

But that's complicated. The current method is to scale the vector to meet the sum. If the current_sum is not zero, that works. However, scaling can lead to some values going out of [0, 1], which is why the finalize_h function first applies the clip. Wait, no. The finalize_h function first clips the vector to [0,1], then scales to meet the sum. So after scaling, some values might go out of bounds again. So the code may have a bug here. For example, if after clipping and scaling, some values exceed [0,1]. But in the current code, the 'finalize_h' function only clips once, before scaling. That could be a problem. Because after scaling, the values can go out of bounds.

Ah, that's a possible issue. For example, suppose after clipping the values to [0,1], the sum is 0.5 * n_points. Target is n_points / 2. Then the scale factor is 1, so that's fine. But if the sum is lower, say 0.4 * n_points, the scale is 1.25 (target_sum / 0.4n). So when you multiply by 1.25, some elements that were 1 would become 1.25, which is over 1. So the code then clips again? Or does it only clip once before scaling?

Wait, in the code's finalize_h function, it's:

current_sum = h.sum()

if current_sum == 0: ... else:
    scale = target_sum / current_sum
    h = np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)

So after scaling, the vector is clipped again. So clipping is done after scaling. That's good. However, this might not result in a sum of exactly target_sum. But if the sum was non-zero, and scaling is applied, then after scaling and clipping, the sum could be different. However, the code assumes that after scaling and clipping, the sum is as close as possible to target_sum. But perhaps this approach is not sufficient to maintain the integral constraint exactly. For example, if many values are clipped to 1 after scaling, the actual sum might be larger than target_sum. But the problem requires the sum to be exactly target_sum.

So the finalize_h function in the original code may not correctly maintain the sum constraint. This could be a problem in the optimization steps. For example, when the code uses the initial_h_values, the sum may not be exactly correct after the finalize_h.

Therefore, this is a critical point. The problem states that sum(h) must be exactly n_points / 2. The code's finalize_h function attempts to achieve this by scaling after clipping. However, clipping after scaling can cause the sum to differ from the target. This is a bug in the original code and must be fixed.

How to fix this? Perhaps we need a different finalization method that ensures the sum is exactly target_sum, while keeping all values in [0,1]. One approach is to adjust the values systematically. For example, if after clipping and scaling, some values are out of bounds, we can adjust them and others to correct the sum.

But solving this exactly might be time-consuming. However, for the purposes of the optimization, having the sum exactly right is crucial. Therefore, the current finalization approach in the code may be flawed.

An alternative way: instead of clipping first, perhaps we can perform a more exact method. For example, iteratively adjust the values to meet the sum constraint and stay within [0,1]. But how to do this quickly in code. One possible approach is to use the following:

After a perturbation, if the sum is not target_sum, then compute the difference, and distribute the adjustment across the elements that can be adjusted without violating the bounds.

For example, compute the needed adjustment Δ = target_sum - current_sum. If Δ is positive, increase the h values below 1 by the sum needed. If negative, decrease the h values above 0 by the required amount.

This is known as the "adjustment" or "proportional adjustment" method, and can be implemented efficiently.

However, in practice, this may be complex to code quickly. Another approach is to use projected gradient descent, where the gradient steps are followed by projection back to the feasible region. But in the code's optimize steps, the constraints are handled via the bounds and sum constraint.

Wait, perhaps the initial approach's finalize_h is not correct. Let me think of an example. Suppose you have a vector h with sum S. After clipping, it's still S. Then, scale it by target_sum/S. The new sum is target_sum. But if after scaling, some values are >1, then we clip those to 1. However, clipping to 1 reduces their values. So after clipping, the sum will be less than the target_sum. The new sum will be target_sum - sum(overflows after scaling). Therefore, this method does not strictly satisfy the sum constraint, and this is a problem.

Therefore, the original code's finalize_h function may not guarantee that the sum is correct. Instead, it's a heuristic to try to get close. This could be a source of instability in the optimization process. To fix this, perhaps the code should enforce the sum constraint more accurately.

How to do this? One possible approach is to use Lagrange multipliers to adjust the values to meet the sum while staying in [0,1]. Let's suppose after clipping the values, the sum is not target_sum. To adjust the sum, we need to increase or decrease the values that are not at their bounds.

But this is getting complicated. For the scope of the problem, perhaps the code should use an optimization method that inherently satisfies the sum constraint, rather than relying on a heuristic.

But in the code's optimize steps, the SLSQP method is used with an equality constraint on the sum. So after the perturbation and Nelder-Mead steps, the SLSQP step ensures the sum is correct. Therefore, perhaps the problem with the original code's finalize_h is in the perturbation phase. The perturbed h_pert is passed through the finalize_h, which may not satisfy the sum, and the subsequent Nelder-Mead and SLSQP steps may not be handling the constraints properly.

But the SLSQP step is supposed to ensure the sum is correct. However, during the Nelder-Mead step, the sum constraint is not enforced. So the Nelder-Mead step may produce a solution that violates the sum, which is then passed to the SLSQP step. However, in the code's current setup, the Nelder-Mead step uses bounds [0, 1] but no sum constraint. Therefore, during Nelder-Mead optimization, the sum can be anything, and the final solution is modified by the SLSQP step to meet the sum.

So, the main problem with the finalize_h could be in the perturbation step, where the sum is not enforced before the Nelder-Mead, which is allowed to search anywhere within the bounds. However, the Nelder-Mead is optimizing the objective function (the max of the convolution), which might not be directly affected by the sum constraint. Therefore, this is okay as long as the final SLSQP step enforces the sum.

But given the finalize_h function's deficiencies, perhaps the perturbed h_pert used in the Nelder-Mead is not valid, leading to worse optimization results.

In conclusion, the main issues in the code might be:

1. The perturbation step may not generate a valid h_pert that satisfies the sum constraint. The finalize_h function tries to do this, but it's not perfect.

2. The optimization steps may not be effective enough to explore the solution space sufficiently.

To address these, the plan is:

- Improve the perturbation and finalization to generate a better initial guess for optimization that is closer to the feasible region.

- Adjust the optimization parameters (like increasing the maxiter) to allow better convergence.

- Use more aggressive perturbations.

Let me adjust the code as follows:

- In the perturbation step, instead of adding Gaussian noise, do a combination of scaling-based random changes and swaps of high and low values.

- Modify the finalize_h to better maintain the sum constraint.

Alternatively, during the perturbation, use a different method to ensure that after perturbation and scaling, the sum is exactly correct. For example, when adding noise, adjust the noise so that the sum is preserved. This is difficult, but perhaps possible via adjusting the sum delta after adding noise.

Another idea: during the perturbation step, after adding noise, adjust the perturbed h to meet the sum constraint. This can be done by adding a small correction to the values. For example, if the new sum is S, then multiply all values by (target_sum / S). This exact scaling would preserve the shape but may cause some values to overflow the [0,1] range. To prevent this, after scaling, clip the values and compute the difference in sum again, then adjust further. But this is complicated.

Alternatively, during the perturbation step, generate a h_pert that is in [0, 1] and sum to target_sum. This can be done by adding a random vector, then adjusting the sum via adding a small delta.

But how to code this. Here's a possible approach:

1. Generate a random perturbation vector, add it to the current h_best to get a tentative h_pert.

2. Clip h_pert to [0,1].

3. Compute the sum of h_pert.

4. If the sum is zero, randomly set some values.

5. Otherwise, scale h_pert to have sum target_sum, but this may require clipping again.

But this brings us back to the same problem as before.

Alternatively, during the perturbation, if the sum is different from target_sum, we can adjust one of the elements to fix the sum. For example, select a random index and set h_pert[i] = target_sum - sum(h_pert without i). However, this could cause the value to go out of [0,1], which is not desired.

In any case, the current code uses the finalize_h function to approximate the sum. Therefore, perhaps the problem is that the initial code's finalize_h is not ensuring the sum exactly. But in the optimization step with SLSQP, the sum is enforced.

Therefore, maybe the perturbation and finalize_h steps are less critical than the optimization steps. Therefore, to improve the code, the following changes could be made:

1. Increase the perturbation scale to encourage more exploration.

2. Use a more powerful optimizer for the SLSQP step, perhaps increasing the maxiter.

3. Try multiple different perturbation types and see which ones work best.

4. Consider using a different initial solution, but the user's code starts from initial_h_values.

Let's modify the code to use a larger perturbation scale, say 0.3 instead of 0.1. Also, increase the maxiter in the SLSQP step to 500, and reduce the ftol tolerance to 1e-9.

Additionally, perhaps use a different optimization method after the Nelder-Mead. For example, using Powell or other methods.

But the current code uses Nelder-Mead followed by SLSQP. Maybe the Nelder-Mead is unnecessary and can be replaced with a different approach.

Let me adjust the code as follows:

- Increase the perturbation scale to 0.3.

- In the perturbation step, after generating h_pert, apply finalize_h.

- Instead of using Nelder-Mead followed by SLSQP, use SLSQP directly. Because Nelder-Mead is a derivative-free method and may be slower in convergence compared to SLSQP.

Wait, perhaps the Nelder-Mead step is redundant. Maybe removing it would save time, allowing more iterations of the SLSQP.

In the original code, the Nelder-Mead is run with maxiter=100. That may take time, but if it's not necessary, removing it would save time and allow more SLSQP steps.

Therefore, modifying the code to skip Nelder-Mead and go straight to SLSQP.

Furthermore, the SLSQP step's constraints and options can be adjusted. Let's increase the maxiter to 500.

Another improvement: in the SLSQP step, the objective function is compute_c5. But compute_c5 is non-smooth due to the max, which could make gradient-based methods less effective. However, the SLSQP method may still find a local minimum.

Another thought: since we need to balance the time, perhaps using more time per optimization but doing more perturbation loops. However, the number of variables (n_points=42) is manageable.

So, to adjust the code:

1. Remove the Nelder-Mead step.

2. Apply a stronger perturbation.

3. Use SLSQP with a higher maxiter and stricter tolerance.

Implementing these changes in the code.

Thus, the modified code would have:

In the while loop:

pert = np.random.randn(n_points) * 0.3

h_pert = np.clip(...)

h_pert = finalize_h(h_pert)

Then optimize via SLSQP with maxiter=500.

This might lead to better exploration and convergence.

Another possible improvement is to try multiple different methods for the SLSQP. For example, varying the constraints. Wait, the current SLSQP step has an equality constraint on the sum. But the bounds are handled in the method.

I'll proceed with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as opt
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=1100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    h_current = initial_h_values.copy()
    n_points = len(h_current)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2.0

    def compute_c5(h_vec):
        h = h_vec.reshape(n_points)
        h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
        conv = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(conv * dx)

    def finalize_h(h):
        h = np.clip(h, 0, 1)
        current_sum = h.sum()
        if current_sum == 0:
            h = np.full_like(h, target_sum / len(h))
        else:
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            h = np.clip(h * scale, 0, 1)
            current_sum = h.sum()
            delta = target_sum - current_sum
            if abs(delta) > 1e-6:
                h += delta / n_points
        return np.clip(h, 0, 1)

    h_best = finalize_h(h_current)
    best_c5 = compute_c5(h_best)
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        # Stronger perturbation with clipping and scaling
        pert = np.random.randn(n_points) * 0.3
        h_pert = np.clip(h_best + pert, 0, 1)
        h_pert = finalize_h(h_pert)
        
        # Direct SLSQP optimization with tightened parameters
        def objective(x):
            return compute_c5(x)
        
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda x: x.sum() - target_sum})
        result_slsqp = opt.minimize(objective, h_pert, method='SLSQP',
                                     bounds=[(0, 1)] * n_points,
                                     constraints=cons,
                                     options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10})
        
        if result_slsqp.success:
            h_candidate = result_slsqp.x
            h_candidate = finalize_h(h_candidate)
            c5_candidate = compute_c5(h_candidate)
            if c5_candidate < best_c5:
                h_best = h_candidate.copy()
                best_c5 = c5_candidate
        
        if time.time() - start_time > budget_s - 50:
            break
    
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    print(f"Elapsed: {elapsed:.1f}s, Best C5: {best_c5:.6f}")
    
    return h_best, best_c5, n_points
```