<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get lower than that, ideally around 0.380876.

First, I need to understand the problem setup. The function h is a step function over [0,2], with integral 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The challenge is to find h that minimizes this maximum value.

The previous code uses a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization. However, it might be stuck in local optima. So, I need to think of ways to improve the search strategy.

Looking at the lessons from earlier attempts, using SLSQP with equality constraints is recommended. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. But perhaps the initial guess is too restrictive. The initial_h_values are given, but maybe starting from different initial points could help avoid local minima.

Another idea is to use a different optimization method. For example, genetic algorithms or simulated annealing might explore the search space more effectively. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), these methods might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe a more efficient local search with better perturbations could help.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategies could lead to better results. Also, the noise added during perturbations might be too large or too small. Maybe adaptive noise scaling based on the current solution?

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem, where we want to arrange the function h such that it doesn't overlap too much with its shifted versions. Maybe there's a way to model this with a more structured approach, like using periodic functions or specific patterns.

But since the function is a step function, perhaps a better approach is to consider dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and then optimize the placement of these regions. However, with n_points being around 100, this might be too complex.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method with better convergence. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems, but maybe using a different solver or adjusting the parameters could help. For example, using the COBYLA method which doesn't require gradients, but that might not be as effective.

Wait, the problem allows using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. Maybe using a different solver could lead to better results. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is available in scipy.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the best solution each time, maybe using a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved. But again, time is limited.

Alternatively, maybe the initial guess is not optimal. The initial_h_values are provided, but perhaps starting from a different initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a more evenly distributed initial guess or one that's designed to minimize overlap.

Wait, the current initial guess might be a known construction. If the initial_h_values are based on a previous solution, maybe there's a way to improve upon that by adjusting the steps.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, for each shift k, we need to ensure that the integral is as small as possible. This seems like a problem where the function h should be designed to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions. Perhaps a periodic or symmetric pattern?

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to fit the [0,2] domain.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over x and x+k, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, arranged such that shifting by k doesn't overlap much. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by more than some threshold.

But how to model this? Maybe using a binary step function with specific intervals. However, with n_points being 100, it's possible to have a more complex structure.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed n_points (the length of initial_h_values). The initial_h_values are given, but maybe using a different n_points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. The current code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values, which is 100. Maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 50 or 100, but the user says smaller is better. However, the initial guess is 100 points, so maybe sticking to that.

Another thought: the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C5. So, perhaps the key is to minimize the maximum of these cross-correlations.

To minimize the maximum cross-correlation, the function h should be designed such that when shifted by any k, the overlap between h and 1-h is minimized. This resembles a problem in signal processing where you want a signal that has minimal autocorrelation, but here it's cross-correlation with 1-h.

In signal processing, a common approach for minimal autocorrelation is to use a Barker code, but those are for binary sequences. However, the problem here is more general.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is a combination of multiple intervals where h is 1 or 0, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced in such a way that shifting by any k doesn't align them with the 1 regions of 1-h.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The previous code uses a continuous optimization approach, but maybe a better approach is to model h as a binary step function and optimize the positions and lengths of the intervals.

However, with n_points being 100, it's possible to have a more complex structure. But the previous code uses a continuous optimization over h[i], which are the step function values. Maybe that's not the best approach, as the optimal h might have values only 0 or 1, but the problem allows h to take any values between 0 and 1.

Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the discretization is represented as n_points samples. So, perhaps the step function is piecewise constant, with each interval between samples having a constant value. However, the code treats h as a continuous function, but in reality, it's a step function. However, the discretization is handled by the samples, so maybe the code is correct in that aspect.

Another idea: the current approach uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead of doing a fixed number, using a more adaptive approach where the best solution is refined further. For example, after finding a good solution, perform more detailed local optimization around it.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. The previous code starts from the initial_h_values and then perturbs it. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses from different starting points could help. For example, using a grid search over possible initial configurations, but that might be too slow.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random perturbations, use a more systematic way to generate initial guesses. For example, starting with a uniform distribution, then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint. Or using a pattern that's known to have good properties for this problem.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a known construction. If the initial guess is based on a previous solution with C5=0.380995, then perhaps there's a way to tweak it to get a better result. Maybe by adjusting the positions of the steps in h to reduce the maximum overlap.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with regions where h is 1, such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the complement (1-h) is minimized. This might relate to the concept of a "covering code" or "packing" in mathematics.

But how to model this? Perhaps by considering that for each shift k, the integral of h(x)(1-h(x+k)) dx should be small. This integral can be thought of as the area where h(x) is 1 and 1-h(x+k) is 1, i.e., where h(x) is 1 and h(x+k) is 0. So, we want to minimize the maximum area of overlap between h and its shifted complement.

This seems like a problem that could be approached with a more structured optimization, perhaps using a binary representation for h, but the previous code uses continuous variables. However, maybe using a binary approach could lead to better results, but with the given time constraints, it's unclear.

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help. However, the code already has a maxiter of 500, which might be sufficient.

Another idea: the current approach might be getting stuck in local minima. To avoid this, perhaps using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space. However, scipy's differential evolution might be slower, but with the given time budget, it's worth trying.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Differential evolution is a global optimizer, which could find better solutions but might take longer. However, given that the time budget is 100 seconds, and with 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the optimization could help. But the code as written is single-threaded.

Alternatively, maybe using a combination of methods: first using a global optimizer to find a good initial guess, then refining with SLSQP. But again, time is a constraint.

Another possible improvement: the evaluation of the objective function is done via np.correlate, which might be computationally expensive. However, with n_points=100, it's manageable.

Wait, the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe increasing this number could lead to better results, but it would take more time. However, the budget is 100 seconds, so perhaps the code can be adjusted to run more iterations within that time.

Alternatively, the code could be modified to use a more efficient perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding random noise, using a gradient-based perturbation that moves in the direction of improvement. However, this would require computing gradients, which might not be feasible.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed noise scale for perturbations. Maybe adjusting the noise scale dynamically based on the current solution's quality. For example, using larger noise when the solution is not very good, and smaller noise as it gets better.

Also, the initial perturbations are done with a larger noise (±0.2), then decreasing to ±0.05. Maybe this is effective, but perhaps adjusting the noise parameters could lead to better exploration.

In summary, the previous approach uses random perturbations and SLSQP optimization. To improve, perhaps:

1. Use a different initial guess, maybe a more structured one.
2. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution.
3. Increase the number of perturbations or adjust the perturbation strategy.
4. Use a more efficient way to explore the search space, such as multi-start with different initial points.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method by improving the perturbation strategy and possibly using a different solver.

Another idea: the problem requires minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlations. Maybe using a penalty method in the objective function to penalize larger values, but the current code already does this by maximizing the cross-correlation.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more sophisticated objective function that considers all shifts simultaneously, but that would complicate the optimization.

Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different solver, like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients and might handle the constraints better. Or use a different perturbation strategy.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe using a different solver like SLSQP with tighter tolerances or more iterations.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations. However, implementing this in Python with scipy might be challenging.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe instead, after finding a good solution, perform more detailed optimization around it. For example, once a good solution is found, run additional SLSQP iterations with tighter tolerances.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the perturbation strategy and use a more efficient solver. Let me think about the code structure.

The previous code has a loop over perturbation_idx, generating perturbed initial guesses and optimizing them. Maybe instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, using a more adaptive approach where the best solution is refined further.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from initial_h_values, generating a random initial guess that satisfies the integral constraint. However, the initial_h_values are provided, so maybe starting from there is better.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe varying the n_points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. The initial guess is 100 points, so maybe keeping n_points=100 is better.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I'll consider the following changes:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at exploring the search space.
2. Adjust the perturbation strategy to use more varied initial guesses.
3. Increase the number of perturbations or adjust the noise parameters for better exploration.
4. Use a more efficient way to handle the constraints and objective function.

However, implementing differential evolution might require more code. Let me think about how to structure this.

Alternatively, using the existing SLSQP approach but with more perturbations and better noise scaling. For example, increasing the number of perturbations and using a combination of large and small noise steps.

Another possible change is to use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which might be slow for large n_points. However, with n_points=100, it's manageable.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe increasing this number would allow more exploration, but within the 100-second budget. However, each perturbation takes time for optimization.

Alternatively, using parallel processing. Since there are 10 CPUs available, perhaps running multiple perturbations in parallel. However, the code as written is single-threaded. To utilize multiple CPUs, the code would need to be modified to run multiple optimizations in parallel. However, this would complicate the code and might not be straightforward.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with the existing method but improve the perturbation strategy and optimization parameters.

So, here's a plan:

- Use the same SLSQP method but increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise parameters to allow for better exploration.
- Use a more adaptive noise scaling, perhaps starting with larger noise and decreasing as the solution improves.
- Ensure that the initial guess is varied enough to avoid local optima.

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. For example, instead of starting from initial_h_values, generate a random initial guess that meets the integral constraint. However, the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point.

In code terms, the previous code starts with initial_h_values and then perturbs it. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses from different starting points could help. However, with the time budget, it's better to focus on refining the existing approach.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed noise for the first 20 perturbations. Maybe varying the noise parameters more dynamically. For example, using larger noise for early perturbations to explore the space, then smaller noise for later ones to refine.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed maxiter of 500 for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number to save time and allow more perturbations.

Putting this together, the modified code would:

- Use the same SLSQP method but with more perturbations.
- Adjust the noise parameters for perturbations.
- Possibly use a different initial guess.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe starting from there is better.

Another possible change: the current code uses a fixed dx. However, with n_points=100, dx is 0.02. Maybe using a different n_points, but the problem prefers smaller sequences. However, the initial guess is 100 points, so perhaps keeping that.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to use more perturbations with varying noise scales, and possibly adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration and convergence.

Now, translating this into code changes:

- Increase the number of perturbations (num_perturbations) to, say, 500.
- Adjust the noise parameters: for early perturbations, use larger noise, then smaller.
- Maybe use a different solver, but SLSQP is already used.
- Ensure that the initial guess is properly scaled.

So, the code would have more perturbations, with varying noise scales. Also, perhaps using a different initial guess for some perturbations.

Another possible improvement: in the initial perturbations, instead of adding random noise and scaling, maybe using a different method to generate the initial guess. For example, creating a random step function that meets the integral constraint.

But given time, the code will be modified to have more perturbations and better noise scaling.

Now, writing the code:

The previous code has a loop over num_perturbations=300. Let's increase that to 500. Also, adjust the noise parameters. For example, in the first 20 perturbations, use larger noise, then smaller. Also, in the else clause, maybe use even smaller noise for later perturbations.

Additionally, perhaps using a different method for the initial guess, like generating a random initial guess that meets the integral constraint.

But since the initial_h_values are provided, maybe starting from there is better.

Another possible change: in the initial guess, use a more structured approach. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain intervals. However, this might not be necessary.

In the code, the initial_guess is initial_h_values. Then, for the first 20 perturbations, add random noise and scale. For the next 30, add smaller noise, then even smaller.

Another idea: after finding a good solution, perform more detailed optimization. For example, once a good solution is found, run additional optimizations with tighter tolerances.

But given time, perhaps the main changes are increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise scales.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Increase num_perturbations to 500.
- For the first 20 perturbations, use larger noise (e.g., ±0.2).
- For the next 30, use ±0.1.
- For the rest, use ±0.05.
- Also, in the else clause, perhaps use even smaller noise for later perturbations.

Additionally, adjust the ftol and maxiter parameters in the minimize function to allow for better convergence.

Another possible change: use a different solver, like COBYLA, which doesn't require gradients. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for this problem.

In code, the previous code uses:

result = minimize(
    objective,
    perturbed,
    method='SLSQP',
    bounds=bounds,
    constraints=cons,
    options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 500}
)

Maybe reducing maxiter to 200 to save time and allow more perturbations.

Putting all these changes together, the code would have more perturbations with varying noise scales, and possibly adjusted optimization parameters.

Now, implementing this in code:

The code would have:

num_perturbations = 500

for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
    if perturbation_idx < 20:
        # Large noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
    elif perturbation_idx < 50:
        # Medium noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
    else:
        # Small noise
        noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
    perturbed = best_h + noise
    ... 

But also, for the initial guesses, maybe generate some random initial guesses.

Alternatively, for the first few perturbations, generate random initial guesses.

But given time, the code will be adjusted to have more perturbations with varying noise scales.

Another possible change: in the initial guess, use a different method. For example, generate a random initial guess that meets the integral constraint. However, the initial_h_values are provided, so perhaps starting from there is better.

In conclusion, the modified code would have more perturbations with varying noise scales, and possibly adjusted optimization parameters to allow for better exploration and convergence.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    num_perturbations = 500  # Increased for better exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        if perturbation_idx < 20:
            # Random initial guess with larger noise
            random_noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + random_noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        elif perturbation_idx < 50:
            # Perturb best_h with medium noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        else:
            # Perturb best_h with small noise
            noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```