<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the maximum overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization starting from initial guesses, but maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem again. The function h is a step function over [0,2] with values in [0,1], and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. We need to minimize this maximum value.

The previous approach uses multiple initial guesses and optimizes each with SLSQP. However, maybe the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. Also, the initial guesses might not be diverse enough. Let's think about possible improvements.

One lesson mentioned is using SLSQP with equality constraints, which the current code already does. So that's already considered. What else?

Another idea: maybe using a different optimization method or parameterization. For example, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could explore the search space more effectively, avoiding local optima. But given the time constraints, maybe a more efficient approach is needed.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem can be transformed into a different form. Since the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the convolution of h and (1 - h), maybe there's a way to model this as a constrained optimization problem with more structure.

Wait, the current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which gives the convolution result. But maybe there's a way to approximate the integral more efficiently or find a better way to compute the maximum.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points) based on the initial guess. Maybe varying the number of points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. The initial code uses n=100, which is manageable.

But perhaps the initial guess is not optimal. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using different patterns like periodic functions, or random binary patterns with different structures.

Wait, the previous code already adds structured guesses with alternating 1s and 0s, and random binary guesses. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like using a sinusoidal function or other waveforms, could help. However, since h is a step function, maybe it's better to use piecewise constant functions with varying intervals.

Another idea: instead of optimizing each initial guess separately, maybe use a more global optimization strategy. For example, using a particle swarm optimization (PSO) or a Bayesian optimization approach. But implementing those from scratch might be time-consuming, and with the time budget, perhaps a better approach is needed.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could help escape local minima. However, DE might be slower, but with the budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps it's feasible.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=2000). Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help, but that might not be sufficient.

Another angle: the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. Perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts k. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst-case shift is related to the spacing of the function h. So, maybe focusing on ensuring that h is designed to minimize the overlap for the most critical shifts.

Alternatively, considering that the integral over all k is related to the variance of h. But I'm not sure about the exact relationship here.

Let me think about the structure of h. Since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], h is like a probability density function. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the first term is 1 (because ∫h(x)dx =1), the overlap integral becomes 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, maximizing this overlap integral is equivalent to minimizing ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx. So, the problem is to find h that minimizes the maximum over k of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx.

Wait, that's an important observation. So the original problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over all k. Therefore, the C5 is equal to 1 - min_{h} [ min_k ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx ]? No, wait. Let me re-express:

Original C5 is max_k [ ∫h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx ] = max_k [ ∫h(x)dx - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx ] = max_k [ 1 - ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx ].

Therefore, C5 = 1 - min_k [ ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx ].

So, to minimize C5, we need to maximize the minimum of ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation with itself over all shifts k.

This is an interesting perspective. So, the problem becomes finding a function h that has high self-cross-correlation for all shifts, which might relate to certain properties of h, like being aperiodic or having certain symmetry.

But how does this help in optimization? Maybe it's easier to model the problem as maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. However, the previous approach was minimizing the maximum overlap, which is equivalent.

Another thought: perhaps using a Fourier transform approach. The cross-correlation of h with itself is the square of the magnitude of the Fourier transform of h. But since we are dealing with real functions, the cross-correlation is the convolution of h with h reversed. However, the integral over all shifts might be related to the Fourier coefficients. But I'm not sure how to apply this here directly.

Alternatively, considering that for the worst-case shift k, the cross-correlation ∫h(x)h(x +k) dx is maximized. So, perhaps the function h should be designed to have low cross-correlation for all shifts, which would minimize the maximum value. This is similar to the concept of a "good" sequence in coding theory, where sequences have low autocorrelation.

In coding theory, for example, a Barker code has low autocorrelation, but such codes are limited in length. However, our problem is different because we are dealing with a continuous function over [0,2], but discretized into n_points samples.

So, perhaps the optimal h is similar to a Barker code, but adapted to the continuous case. However, since we are working with step functions, maybe using a binary sequence with certain properties would help.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe the previous approach of using SLSQP is still viable, but with better initial guesses and more efficient optimization.

Another idea: instead of using random binary guesses, perhaps generate initial guesses based on known sequences with low autocorrelation. For example, using a de Bruijn sequence or other combinatorial structures. However, generating such sequences might be complex.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach: start with an initial guess and iteratively adjust the function to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, in each iteration, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to reduce that overlap. However, implementing such a method might be challenging.

Another possible improvement: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help explore more of the search space. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance between exploration and exploitation.

Let me think about the code structure. The current code uses multiple initial guesses (initial_h_values, structured, and random binary). Maybe adding more structured guesses, like using a sinusoidal pattern or other periodic functions, could help. For example, a function that alternates between 0 and 1 with a certain period, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Wait, the initial structured guess is alternating 1s and 0s. But perhaps using a different pattern, like a triangular wave or a square wave with varying duty cycles, could lead to better results.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, a function that is 1 over intervals that are spaced apart, so that shifting it by any k would not align too much with itself.

But how to model this? Maybe using a piecewise constant function with multiple intervals, each set to 1 or 0, arranged in a way that maximizes the spacing between 1s.

But given the integral constraint, the total length of intervals where h is 1 must be 1 (since ∫h(x)dx =1 over [0,2], which is length 2, so the average is 0.5). So, for example, if h is 1 over intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart, but that might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 over certain points and 0 elsewhere, but with the sum of the lengths of the 1 intervals equal to 1. For example, if n_points is 100, then each interval would be 1/100 in length, but arranged to minimize overlap.

But again, how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Perhaps the key is to use a more effective optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimizer like differential evolution (DE) could help find better solutions. However, DE might be slower, but with the time budget, perhaps it's feasible.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: start with SLSQP from multiple initial guesses, but also use a global optimization method for some of them.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points (100) based on the initial guess. Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using smaller n_points (like 50 or 100) might be faster, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the current code uses n=100, which is manageable.

Wait, the problem says that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. The initial code uses n=100, which is acceptable. So maybe trying different n_points (like 50, 100, 200) could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, it's important to choose the right n_points.

But given that the previous code uses n=100, perhaps sticking with that is better for speed.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the same n_points for all initial guesses. Maybe varying the n_points could help, but that would complicate the code.

Alternatively, using a different parameterization for h. For example, instead of representing h as a step function with values 0 or 1, maybe allowing intermediate values could lead to better results. However, the problem states that h is a step function, so the values are in [0,1], but not necessarily binary. Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the samples can be any values between 0 and 1. So, allowing intermediate values might be better than binary, as it could provide more flexibility.

Wait, the initial code uses binary values (0 and 1) for the structured and random guesses, but the optimization allows h to take any values between 0 and 1. So, perhaps allowing intermediate values could lead to better results. However, the previous code's initial guesses are binary, but the optimization allows for continuous values. So, maybe the optimization is already considering continuous values.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=2000) for each optimization. Maybe increasing this number could lead to better convergence, but it would take more time. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances or different settings.

Another possible improvement: instead of optimizing each initial guess separately, maybe use a more global approach, like a genetic algorithm, where the population consists of different h functions, and evolve them over generations. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, but given the time budget, perhaps it's feasible.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different optimization method or improve the initial guesses.

Wait, the previous code's initial guesses include structured guesses (alternating 1s and 0s) and random binary guesses. Maybe adding more structured guesses, such as those with different periodic patterns, could help. For example, a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, arranged periodically.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart by 0.5, but this would give a total integral of 1 (since 0.5 * 2 = 1). However, this would be a square wave with period 1, which might have high autocorrelation for certain shifts.

But perhaps a better structured guess is a function that is 1 for a certain number of points and 0 elsewhere, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a function that is 1 for 50 points (since n_points=100, sum=50) and 0 otherwise, arranged in a way that the 1s are spread out.

But how to generate such a structured guess? Maybe using a greedy approach to place the 1s as far apart as possible.

Another idea: the current code uses random binary guesses, but maybe using a more systematic way to generate them, like placing the 1s in positions that are as spread out as possible. For example, using a Fibonacci-like sequence or other low-discrepancy sequences to distribute the 1s.

However, implementing such a method might be complex.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the known optimal solution. For example, if the current best is C5=0.38092, maybe the initial guess is close to that, and we can try to improve it.

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal h, it's hard to generate a better initial guess.

Another possible improvement: the current code evaluates the overlap integral for all k, but perhaps the maximum occurs at specific k values. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst-case shift is related to the spacing between the 1s in h. So, maybe focusing the optimization on shifts that are most critical.

But how to incorporate this into the optimization? It's unclear.

Alternatively, using a different objective function that penalizes the maximum overlap more aggressively. For example, using a weighted sum of the overlaps for different k, but this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the current code uses the maximum of the correlation values. Maybe using a different metric, like the average of the correlations, but that would change the problem. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so that's not helpful.

In summary, the previous approach uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses. To improve it, perhaps:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, which is better at finding global minima.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns that are not just alternating 1s and 0s.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or using tighter tolerances.
4. Consider using a different parameterization for h, such as allowing more flexibility in the step function.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. Scipy's optimize.differential_evolution could be used. However, the problem is that the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is a non-smooth function, making DE less effective. But maybe it's worth trying.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: use DE for global exploration and SLSQP for local refinement.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess generation and possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed n_points (100). Maybe trying with a smaller n_points, like 50, could lead to faster computation and better results. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so this is acceptable.

Let me consider changing the initial_guess to have a different structure. For example, instead of alternating 1s and 0s, use a pattern that spreads out the 1s as much as possible. For instance, placing the 1s at positions that are as far apart as possible.

For example, for n_points=100, placing 50 1s at positions 0, 2, 4, ..., 98 (every other point). This is the same as the structured guess. But maybe another pattern, like placing 1s at positions that are spaced by a certain distance.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a function that is 1 for 50% of the interval, but with the 1s spread out.

But how to generate such a function? Maybe using a sine wave or other periodic function, but discretized into step functions.

Another possible improvement: instead of using random binary guesses, use a more systematic way to generate them. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s as far apart as possible.

But implementing such a method might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess based on the known optimal solution. However, without knowing the optimal solution, this is not feasible.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and setting h to 1 on certain intervals.

But again, how to translate this into an initial guess.

Perhaps the current structured guess is already a good starting point, but adding more structured guesses could help.

In conclusion, to improve the previous code, I'll consider the following changes:

1. Use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, for some initial guesses.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns with different spacing.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.
4. Consider using a smaller n_points to speed up the computation.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the existing code to use a different initial guess generation and possibly use a different optimization method for some of the initial guesses.

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses with different patterns, such as:
   - A structured guess with 1s placed at regular intervals.
   - A structured guess with 1s placed in a way that minimizes overlap (e.g., spaced apart).
   - Random binary guesses with different distributions.
- For each initial guess, perform optimization using SLSQP, but with adjusted parameters (like more iterations or tighter tolerances).
- Additionally, for some initial guesses, use differential evolution to explore the search space more thoroughly.

But implementing differential evolution might be complex. Alternatively, using a different optimization method for some of the initial guesses.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where the initial guesses are optimized with SLSQP, and then some of the best results are further refined with a global optimizer.

However, given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to stick with SLSQP but improve the initial guesses and optimization parameters.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the same n_points for all initial guesses. Maybe varying n_points could help. For example, trying with n_points=50, which is faster, and see if it leads to better results.

But the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, so this is acceptable.

In the previous code, the initial_guess is based on initial_h_values, which is n=100. Let's assume that initial_h_values is a good starting point. So, perhaps the new code should focus on optimizing this initial guess more thoroughly, along with other structured guesses.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (initial_guesses has 1 + 1 + 5 = 7 guesses). Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help explore more of the search space. For example, adding more structured guesses or random guesses.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the existing code to generate more diverse initial guesses, possibly with different structured patterns, and adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence. Additionally, using a more efficient optimization method for some of the initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code:

- Generate more structured initial guesses, such as placing 1s at regular intervals with different spacing.
- Use a different random seed for each initial guess to ensure diversity.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization to allow better convergence.
- Use tighter tolerances for the optimization to find better minima.

Let me draft the code accordingly.

First, the initial_guesses will include:

- The initial_h_values.
- A structured guess with 1s placed every other point (as before).
- Additional structured guesses with different spacing, like placing 1s at intervals of 3, 4, etc., but ensuring the sum is correct.
- More random binary guesses.

But how to generate structured guesses with different spacing? For example, for n_points=100, placing 50 1s spaced as evenly as possible. This can be done by placing them at positions i * (2 / (n_points / 2)) for i in 0 to n_points/2 - 1. But this would be a uniform distribution.

Alternatively, using a greedy approach to place the 1s as far apart as possible. For example, starting with the first position, then placing the next 1 as far as possible from the previous, and so on. This is similar to the "greedy" algorithm for placing points to maximize minimum distance.

But implementing this for a step function might be complex. For simplicity, perhaps using a uniform distribution of 1s.

Another idea: for the structured guesses, use a function that is 1 for a certain fraction of the interval, arranged periodically. For example, a square wave with a certain duty cycle.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to add more structured guesses with different patterns.

In the code, the initial_guesses are generated with:

- initial_guess (initial_h_values)
- structured_guess (alternating 1s and 0s)
- 5 random binary guesses.

To add more structured guesses, perhaps create a guess where 1s are placed at regular intervals, but with a different period. For example, placing 1s every 3 points, but ensuring the total number of 1s is 50.

But for n_points=100, placing 1s every 2 points gives 50 1s, which is the same as the structured guess. To vary the spacing, perhaps use a different pattern, like placing 1s every 3 points, but this would require adjusting the number of 1s to maintain the sum.

Alternatively, use a pattern that is a combination of different intervals.

But this might be complex. Perhaps adding a guess where 1s are placed at positions that are multiples of a certain value, ensuring the sum is correct.

For example, for a structured guess with 1s placed every m points, where m is chosen such that the total number of 1s is 50. For n_points=100, m=2 gives 50 1s. For m=3, it would be 33 or 34 1s, which is not enough. So perhaps this approach is not feasible.

Alternatively, use a pattern that is a combination of different intervals. For example, placing 1s in two different intervals, each spaced apart.

But again, this might be complex.

Perhaps it's better to stick with the existing structured guesses and add more random guesses.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=2000). Maybe increasing this number could allow for better convergence. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance.

In the previous code, the optimization is run for each initial guess, and the best result is kept. To improve this, perhaps increasing the maxiter for each optimization.

Additionally, using a tighter ftol (tolerance) could help find better minima.

So, modifying the code to:

- Increase maxiter to 5000 or more.
- Decrease ftol to 1e-10 or smaller.
- Use more initial guesses.

But with the time budget, it's important to not spend too much time on each optimization.

Another idea: use a different optimization method for some of the initial guesses. For example, using differential evolution for the initial guesses and then refining with SLSQP.

However, implementing differential evolution might be time-consuming, but let's try.

In scipy, the differential evolution method can be used with the minimize function, specifying method='differential_evolution'.

But the objective function is the maximum of the correlations, which is non-smooth, so differential evolution might not be as effective. However, it's worth trying for some initial guesses.

So, the plan is:

- For some initial guesses, use differential evolution to explore the search space.
- For others, use SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time, perhaps it's better to stick with SLSQP and improve the initial guesses and parameters.

In conclusion, the modified code will:

- Generate more initial guesses, including structured patterns with different spacing.
- Use tighter optimization parameters.
- Possibly increase the number of iterations.

Now, translating this into code.

The initial_guesses will include:

- initial_h_values
- structured_guess (alternating 1s and 0s)
- additional structured guesses with different patterns (e.g., placing 1s at regular intervals with different spacing)
- more random binary guesses.

But how to generate the additional structured guesses?

For example, a structured guess where 1s are placed every 3 points, but this would require adjusting the number of 1s. For n_points=100, placing 1s every 3 points would give about 33 1s, which is less than 50. To reach 50, perhaps placing 1s every 2 points for part of the array and adjusting elsewhere. This seems complex.

Alternatively, use a structured guess where 1s are placed in a way that they are spread out as much as possible. For example, using a greedy algorithm to place 1s as far apart as possible.

But implementing this would require writing a function to generate such a guess.

For example, start with an array of 0s. Place a 1 at position 0. Then, place the next 1 as far as possible from the previous, which would be position 99 (since the array is 0-99). Then, place the next 1 as far as possible from both 0 and 99, which would be position 49. Then, place the next 1 as far as possible from 0, 49, 99, which would be position 50, and so on. This would create a pattern where 1s are placed at positions 0, 49, 50, 99, etc. However, this is just an example and may not be optimal.

But implementing such a greedy algorithm would take time. Given the time constraints, perhaps it's better to stick with the existing structured guesses and add more random guesses.

In the code, the initial_guesses are generated with:

- initial_guess (initial_h_values)
- structured_guess (alternating 1s and 0s)
- 5 random binary guesses.

To add more structured guesses, perhaps create a guess where 1s are placed at positions that are multiples of a certain value. For example, placing 1s at positions 0, 2, 4, ..., 98 (every other point), which is the same as the structured guess. So, no change there.

Alternatively, create a guess where 1s are placed at positions 0, 3, 6, ..., 99 (every 3 points), but this would require adjusting the number of 1s to 50. For n_points=100, placing 1s every 3 points would give 34 1s (since 100 / 3 ≈ 33.33). To reach 50, perhaps placing 1s every 2 points for part of the array and adjusting.

This seems complex. Perhaps it's better to stick with the existing structured guesses and add more random guesses.

In the code, the initial_guesses are generated with 5 random binary guesses. Perhaps increasing this number to 10 or more would help explore more of the search space.

So, modifying the code to generate more random binary guesses.

Additionally, adjusting the optimization parameters, such as increasing maxiter and decreasing ftol.

Putting it all together, the modified code would:

- Generate more initial guesses (e.g., 10 random binary guesses).
- Use tighter optimization parameters (e.g., ftol=1e-10, maxiter=5000).
- Possibly use a different optimization method for some guesses.

But given the time, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code to generate more initial guesses and tweak the optimization parameters.

Now, writing the code accordingly.

The code will:

- Use the initial_h_values as the first guess.
- Add a structured guess with alternating 1s and 0s.
- Add 10 random binary guesses.
- For each guess, perform optimization with SLSQP, using tighter tolerances and more iterations.

This should increase the chances of finding a better solution.

Another possible improvement: the current code evaluates the overlap integral for all k, but perhaps the maximum occurs at specific k values. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst-case shift is related to the spacing between the 1s. So, maybe focusing the optimization on shifts that are most critical.

But how to incorporate this into the objective function? It's unclear.

In conclusion, the modified code will generate more initial guesses and use tighter optimization parameters to find a better solution.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the provided initial guess and generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    # Generate initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    # Add initial_h_values
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess)
    
    # Add structured guesses with different patterns
    structured_guesses = []
    # Alternating 1s and 0s
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 2 == 0:
            structured_guess[i] = 1.0
    structured_guesses.append(structured_guess)
    # Every 3rd point
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 3 == 0:
            structured_guess[i] = 1.0
    structured_guesses.append(structured_guess)
    # Every 4th point
    structured_guess = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        if i % 4 == 0:
            structured_guess[i] = 1.0
    structured_guesses.append(structured_guess)
    # Add these structured guesses
    initial_guesses.extend(structured_guesses)
    
    # Add random binary guesses
    for _ in range(10):  # More random guesses
        np.random.seed(seed + len(initial_guesses))
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(n_points//2), replace=False)
        h[indices] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guesses[0].copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            max_corr = np.max(corr)
            return max_corr * dx
        
        # Bounds and constraints
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        # Perform optimization with tighter tolerances
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-10, 'maxiter': 5000}
        )
        
        # Check if successful
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        # Check elapsed time
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```