<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a random perturbation approach with SLSQP optimization, but it didn't reach the target. So I need to think of a better strategy.

First, I should recall the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous approach used a fixed initial guess and perturbations, then optimized with SLSQP. But maybe that's too local. Perhaps I need a different initialization or optimization strategy. Also, the previous code used a fixed number of points (n_points=100), but maybe using more points could help? Wait, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred because they're faster. So maybe keeping n_points around 100-200 is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is for n=100. Maybe starting from that is good, but perhaps there are better initial points. Alternatively, maybe using a different structure for h, like a piecewise constant function with certain patterns.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1-h shifted by different k. So maybe designing h to have low correlation with its shifted versions. This is similar to spreading out the 1's and 0's in h to avoid overlaps.

In the previous code, they used random perturbations and SLSQP. But maybe using a more structured approach, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, could help escape local minima. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient optimization approach is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is good for constrained problems. But maybe using a different method, like COBYLA, or even a Bayesian optimization approach with surrogate models, could find better solutions. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex.

Another angle: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategies could help. For example, using different noise scales during perturbation steps, or using a more systematic exploration.

Wait, the previous code had two phases: first 20 perturbations with larger noise, then 30 with smaller noise. Maybe adjusting the noise parameters or the number of iterations could help. Also, maybe using a more diverse set of initial guesses, not just the initial_h_values.

Another idea: instead of starting from the initial_h_values, maybe generate multiple initial guesses with different structures. For example, using a regular pattern, like dividing the interval into equal parts and assigning 1s and 0s in a way that minimizes overlap. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust the function h to reduce the maximum overlap. For example, find the shift k that gives the highest overlap, then adjust h to lower that overlap. But this is a heuristic and might get stuck in local minima.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral of h is 1. So h is a probability density function over [0,2]. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these over all k.

Another observation: the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to the maximum over k of the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h is 1, this becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this over k is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So the problem is to find h that maximizes the minimal cross-correlation with itself over all shifts.

This seems related to the concept of "dual" functions in signal processing, where you want a function that doesn't correlate with itself too much. Maybe using a function with certain symmetry or periodicity properties.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Perhaps the previous approach is too local, so maybe using a different optimization strategy, like a particle swarm optimization or a more global search.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to improve the existing method. Let's think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe the issue is that the initial guess is not good enough, or the optimization is getting stuck in local minima.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess and optimizing, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, divide the interval [0,2] into segments and assign values to each segment to minimize the maximum overlap. This would be a combinatorial optimization problem, but with a large number of variables.

Alternatively, maybe using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem involves integrals over shifts, which are related to convolution. The overlap integral for a shift k is the convolution of h and (1 - h) evaluated at k, scaled by dx. So minimizing the maximum of these convolutions.

But how to use this? Maybe using a Fourier transform to analyze the problem. However, this might be complex for a numerical optimization approach.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (100). Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, using n_points=200 might allow for a more precise function, but it would take longer to compute. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps n_points=100 is optimal.

Wait, the initial_h_values is for n=100. Maybe trying to improve that by using a better optimization strategy. For example, using a more efficient optimization method, or adding more constraints.

Alternatively, maybe the problem is that the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategies could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a more structured perturbation, such as flipping certain segments of the function. For example, if the current h has a high overlap for some k, adjust the regions where h is 1 or 0 to reduce that overlap.

But how to implement this? It would require evaluating which shifts are problematic and then modifying h accordingly. However, this is more of a heuristic and might not be straightforward to code.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different optimization method. For example, using a genetic algorithm where each individual is a possible h function, and the fitness is the C5 value. However, genetic algorithms can be slow and might not converge quickly within the time budget.

Another approach: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap, maybe we can model this as a minimax problem. The previous code uses a local optimization approach, but perhaps a better approach is to use a global optimization method with more exploration.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to refine the existing approach. Let's think about the previous code's parameters. It uses 300 perturbations, with initial random noise and then smaller noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the noise parameters could help.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations (500). Maybe reducing the number of iterations per optimization could allow more perturbations to be tried within the time budget.

Another idea: use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe generating multiple initial guesses with different structures could lead to better results. For example, using a regular pattern, like a sine wave or a square wave, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization, such as a function that is designed to have low overlap. For example, a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart to minimize overlap when shifted.

But how to create such a function? Maybe dividing the interval [0,2] into equal parts and assigning 1s and 0s in a way that avoids overlapping. For example, if we have m intervals where h is 1, then the spacing between them should be such that shifting by k would not overlap too much.

But this is getting into the realm of combinatorial optimization, which might be difficult to code.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP, or using a different solver. However, the previous code already uses SLSQP, which is suitable for constrained problems.

Another thought: the current code uses the same n_points throughout. Maybe trying different n_points could help. For example, trying n_points=200, but that would require more computation. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So perhaps sticking to n_points=100 is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is for n=100. Let me check the previous code's parameters. The initial_guess is initial_h_values, which is for n=100. The code then uses n_points=100. So maybe trying to improve that with better optimization.

Another possible issue is that the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but maybe increasing that number could allow for more exploration. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's a trade-off between the number of iterations and the time per iteration.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the best_h each time, maybe use a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved. However, implementing this within the time constraints might be challenging.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different objective function. The current code uses the maximum of the correlation, but maybe there's a way to regularize the optimization to avoid certain patterns.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap. So during optimization, perhaps we can try to minimize the maximum value, but the previous code does that by optimizing the objective function which is the maximum correlation.

Another possible improvement: using a more accurate numerical integration. The current code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which might not be precise. However, since the dx is fixed, maybe that's acceptable.

Alternatively, maybe using a different way to compute the overlap integral. For example, using numerical integration with a higher precision, but I'm not sure if that would make a significant difference.

Another angle: the previous code uses a fixed dx (2.0 / n_points). Maybe using a different discretization, but the problem requires that h is a step function with samples over [0,2], so dx is determined by n_points.

Hmm. Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The code runs for 300 perturbations, each with an optimization. Each optimization uses SLSQP with 500 iterations. But maybe this is too slow. Perhaps reducing the number of iterations per optimization could allow more perturbations to be tried within the time budget.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using the L-BFGS-B method with bounds, which might converge faster.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for equality constraints. But maybe using a different method could be better. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients but might be slower. Or using 'COBYLA' which handles bounds.

But the problem has an equality constraint (sum h = target_sum), so methods that can handle constraints are needed.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code computes the correlation for each perturbed h, which is O(n^2) time. For n=100, that's manageable, but for larger n it's more expensive. However, with n=100, it's acceptable.

Another possible issue: the initial guess might be a local minimum. So, perhaps generating multiple initial guesses and optimizing each could help find a better solution. For example, using different initial guesses based on different patterns.

But how to generate those initial guesses? Maybe using a random initial guess, or a structured one like a square wave with certain parameters.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization. For example, starting with a function that has equal segments of 1 and 0, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to code. So perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing code.

Let me think about the previous code's parameters. The initial guess is initial_h_values. Then, for the first 20 perturbations, it adds random noise and scales. Then, for the next 30, it adds smaller noise. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or adjusting the noise parameters could help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (500) per optimization. Maybe reducing that number could allow more perturbations to be tried within the time budget.

Another idea: using a different perturbation strategy. For example, instead of adding uniform noise, using a more targeted perturbation based on the current maximum overlap. But this requires knowing which parts of h contribute most to the overlap, which might be complex.

Alternatively, using a more aggressive initial perturbation to escape local minima. For example, increasing the noise range in the initial steps.

Another possible improvement: using a different solver. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with a different tolerance. The previous code uses ftol=1e-10, which is very tight. Maybe relaxing this could allow faster convergence, freeing up time for more perturbations.

Alternatively, using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. Maybe using a different solver like 'ipopt' if available, but the user mentioned that the code can use scipy, numpy, cvxpy with various solvers. However, the previous code didn't use cvxpy. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem could help, but I'm not sure if it's convex.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of several functions (the overlaps for different k). This is a minimax problem, which is generally non-convex and difficult to solve. So convex optimization might not be applicable here.

Another thought: the current code's objective function is the maximum of the correlations. Maybe instead of optimizing this directly, we can use a penalty method, where we minimize the sum of the correlations raised to some power, but this is just a heuristic.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, but again, this is complex.

Considering all these thoughts, perhaps the best way is to adjust the existing code's parameters to allow more exploration and better optimization. For example:

1. Increase the number of perturbations to allow more exploration of the solution space.
2. Use a more aggressive initial perturbation to escape local minima.
3. Reduce the number of iterations per optimization to allow more perturbations within the time budget.
4. Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might converge faster.
5. Use a better initial guess, perhaps generated with a different structure.

But how to implement these changes?

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Start with the initial_h_values (n=100).
- Use a larger number of perturbations, say 500, to explore more possibilities.
- For the initial perturbations, use larger noise to escape local minima.
- For subsequent perturbations, use smaller noise to fine-tune.
- Use a different optimization method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints.
- Reduce the number of iterations per optimization to, say, 200, to save time.
- Track the best solution found so far and return it.

Additionally, maybe using a different initial guess, such as a random one, to diversify the search.

Another idea: instead of always perturbing the best_h, sometimes start from a random guess. This could help avoid getting stuck in a local minimum.

So, modifying the previous code's perturbation strategy:

- For the first few perturbations, generate random initial guesses.
- For the rest, perturb the best_h with varying noise.
- Use COBYLA as the optimization method.

Also, adjust the noise parameters: perhaps larger noise initially, then smaller.

Let me try to outline the code changes:

- Replace the SLSQP method with COBYLA.
- Adjust the noise parameters for perturbations.
- Increase the number of perturbations.
- Reduce the maxiter per optimization.

Also, ensure that the code respects the time budget by checking the elapsed time and stopping early if needed.

Another consideration: the previous code uses a fixed dx. Since the problem requires that the integral of h is 1, the sum(h) * dx = 1, so sum(h) = n_points / 2. This is correctly handled in the code.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

So, the new run function would:

- Use COBYLA method with bounds and constraints.
- Use more perturbations.
- Adjust noise parameters.
- Possibly use a different initial guess.

Let me draft the code accordingly.

Also, note that the previous code had a problem where the initial guess might be a local minimum. By generating more initial guesses and perturbing the best solution, we can explore more of the solution space.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the shifts and using vectorized operations to speed up the calculation. However, the current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient.

In conclusion, the plan is to:

1. Use COBYLA optimization method for better convergence.
2. Increase the number of perturbations to explore more solutions.
3. Adjust noise parameters for initial and subsequent perturbations.
4. Reduce the number of iterations per optimization to save time.
5. Use a combination of random initial guesses and perturbations of the best solution.

Now, translating this into code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    num_perturbations = 500  # Increased for better exploration
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        if perturbation_idx < 50:
            # Random initial guess
            random_noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
            perturbed = initial_guess + random_noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        else:
            # Perturb best_h with varying noise
            if perturbation_idx < 100:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.2, 0.2, n_points)
            else:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='COBYLA',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'disp': False}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```