<think>
Okay, let's see. The task is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used a random initial guess and perturbations with SLSQP optimization. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, I need to understand the problem better. The goal is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is calculated as the maximum correlation between h(x) and 1-h(x+k) over all shifts k. The function h is a step function over [0,2] with integral 1. The challenge is to find h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code used a random initial guess and perturbations, then optimized with SLSQP. However, maybe that's not sufficient. Let's think about possible improvements.

One lesson from earlier attempts was to use SLSQP with equality constraints, which the current code already does. So that's probably not the issue. Maybe the initial guess is not good enough. The initial_h_values provided might be a starting point, but perhaps we can do better by using different initializations or more effective search strategies.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to distribute the "mass" of h in such a way that overlapping with shifted versions is minimized. Maybe a more structured approach, like dividing the interval into regions with specific patterns, could help.

Alternatively, maybe using a genetic algorithm or other population-based optimization could explore the search space more effectively. However, given the time constraints (100 seconds), a genetic algorithm might be too slow. But perhaps a combination of local search with diverse initializations could work.

Wait, the previous code tried a few random guesses and perturbations. Maybe we can increase the number of initial guesses or use a different method to generate them. Also, the perturbation steps might not be sufficient. Maybe using a more systematic way to explore the space, like simulated annealing or adaptive perturbations, could help.

Another thought: the overlap integral is maximized over all shifts k. For the interval [0,2], the shifts k could be in a range that depends on the function's periodicity. However, since h is defined on [0,2], shifting by k would wrap around? Or is it just the convolution? The code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two arrays of length n gives a result of length 2n-1. But the actual shifts k would correspond to different positions. However, the maximum over all k is being taken, which is equivalent to the maximum of the cross-correlation.

But how to model this? The problem is non-convex and has many local minima. So, getting stuck in a local minimum is a risk. The previous approach uses SLSQP with perturbations, but maybe we need a better way to escape local minima.

Another idea: instead of using a single optimization method, perhaps use a combination of global and local search. For example, start with a few diverse initial guesses, then perform local optimization from each, and keep the best result. The previous code does this to some extent with random guesses and perturbations, but maybe we can refine that.

Also, the number of samples (n_points) might affect the result. The previous code uses n=100. Maybe trying with a different n_points, like 200 or 50, could yield better results? However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So maybe keeping n_points around 100 is better.

Wait, the initial_h_values is given, which is for n=100. The previous code uses that as an initial guess. Maybe we can try to improve upon that by using more sophisticated initializations.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. However, solving such problems directly is challenging. Maybe we can use a bilevel optimization approach, but that's complex.

Alternatively, think about the problem in terms of Fourier analysis. The overlap integral can be related to the Fourier transform of h and 1-h. But I'm not sure how to apply that here directly.

Another idea: the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k aligns the regions where h is high with regions where 1-h is high. To minimize this, h should be designed so that it doesn't have large regions where it's high and then low, leading to overlaps. Perhaps a more uniform distribution of h's values, but with some structure to avoid overlaps.

Wait, the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], so the average value is 0.5. So h is like a probability density function. The overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to arrange h so that for any shift, the product h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) is as small as possible.

This seems similar to designing a function that is "spread out" in such a way that shifting it doesn't create overlaps where both h and 1-h are significant. Maybe a periodic or symmetric pattern?

For example, if h is a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that avoids overlaps. But since the integral is 1, it can't be entirely 0 and 1. Maybe a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (0 or 1) but with the integral constraint. However, since h is a step function, it can take any values between 0 and 1. But maybe the optimal solution is a binary function. However, the integral constraint would require that the total length of intervals where h=1 is 1, since the integral over [0,2] is 1. But with binary h, that would mean the measure of h=1 is 1. But then, shifting by k would cause overlaps where h=1 and 1-h=1 (i.e., where h=0). So the overlap integral would be the measure of x where h(x)=1 and h(x +k)=0. To minimize the maximum over k, we need to arrange the intervals where h=1 such that no shift k causes too much overlap.

This is similar to the problem of placing intervals to minimize the maximum overlap when shifted. For example, if we have intervals of length 1, placed in such a way that shifting them doesn't cause overlaps. But how?

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, but with the total length 1. For example, placing a single interval of length 1. Then, shifting by k would cause the overlap integral to be the length of the intersection between the interval and the shifted interval's complement. The maximum overlap would be when k is such that the shifted interval overlaps as much as possible with the original. For example, if the original interval is [a, a+1], then shifting by k would make the overlap depend on k. The maximum overlap in this case would be 1/2, perhaps? Not sure. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using multiple intervals. For example, two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. But how to arrange them?

This line of thinking suggests that the optimal h might be a binary function with certain intervals. However, since the problem allows h to be any step function (not necessarily binary), maybe a more optimal solution exists.

But given that the previous code uses a continuous optimization approach, perhaps we can improve upon it by using better initializations and optimization strategies.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but maybe varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using larger perturbations early on to explore the space, then smaller ones later to refine. Or using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe adding inequality constraints or using a different optimization method could help. However, SLSQP is suitable for this problem since it handles equality constraints.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a more adaptive approach. For example, track the best solution found so far and perturb it more aggressively if it's not improving. Or use a population-based approach where multiple candidate solutions are evolved.

But given the time constraints, perhaps a better approach is to use a more effective initialization. The initial_h_values provided might be a good starting point, but maybe we can generate better initial guesses by considering specific patterns.

For example, if we divide the interval [0,2] into regions and assign h values in a way that minimizes overlap. Suppose we divide [0,2] into four equal parts, and set h to 1 in two of them, but arranged to minimize overlap when shifted. But how?

Alternatively, think of the problem as a covering problem where we want to cover the interval with regions where h is 1, such that shifting them doesn't create overlaps. But again, not sure.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. This can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, the overlap integral is 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation with itself over shifts k.

This is an interesting perspective. So, we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation of h with itself over all shifts. This might suggest that h should be designed to have high self-correlation for certain shifts and low for others. But how?

Alternatively, since we want to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is 1 minus the cross-correlation, we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. This is a bit abstract, but perhaps it can guide the design of h.

For example, if h is a function that is periodic with a certain period, then its cross-correlation with itself would have peaks at multiples of the period. But again, not sure.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a greedy algorithm. Start with an initial guess, then iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum overlap. However, this might get stuck in local minima.

Alternatively, use a gradient-based method with a more effective initialization. The previous code uses SLSQP, but maybe using a different optimization method or adjusting the parameters could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses and using more diverse perturbations could lead to better results. For example, generating multiple random initial guesses and optimizing each one, then selecting the best.

But given the time budget, we need to balance between exploration and exploitation. Maybe using a combination of a few good initial guesses and then refining them.

Also, the code uses a fixed perturbation strategy. Maybe varying the perturbation magnitude based on the iteration step. For example, larger perturbations early on to explore the space, then smaller ones later to converge.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single optimization method, use a hybrid approach. For example, start with a genetic algorithm to generate diverse candidates, then use SLSQP to refine them. However, implementing a genetic algorithm might be time-consuming and may not fit within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help, but that might not be sufficient.

Another thought: the previous code uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which for two arrays of length n gives a result of length 2n-1. However, the actual shifts k that are relevant are those that result in overlapping regions. For example, when shifting by k in [0, 2], the overlap integral is computed for all possible shifts. However, the maximum might occur at specific shifts, such as k=0.5, 1.0, etc. Maybe focusing the optimization on these critical shifts could help, but how?

Alternatively, since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k can be considered modulo 2. But I'm not sure.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the problem of designing a signal with minimal autocorrelation, which is a well-known problem in signal processing. The optimal solution for minimal autocorrelation is a Barker code, but those are for binary sequences. However, the current problem is continuous and allows for any step function. Perhaps using a similar approach, but adapted for the continuous case.

But how to apply that here? Maybe designing h such that its autocorrelation is as flat as possible. However, the previous problem is about minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation between h and 1-h, which is different.

Hmm. Let's think again about the objective function. The overlap integral for a shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Expanding this, it's ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx = 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum of this expression is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x +k) dx over k. So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimal cross-correlation with itself over all shifts.

This is an interesting formulation. So, we need to maximize the minimal cross-correlation. How can we approach this?

One way is to ensure that for all shifts k, the cross-correlation is as large as possible. But since we are maximizing the minimum, we need to balance the cross-correlations across all shifts. This suggests that h should be designed to have uniform cross-correlation properties.

For example, if h is a constant function (h(x) = 0.5 for all x), then the cross-correlation would be 0.25 for all shifts, leading to an overlap integral of 1 - 0.25 = 0.75. But this is worse than the current record. So, clearly, a constant function is not optimal.

Another example: if h is a step function that is 1 on [0, 1] and 0 on [1, 2], then the integral is 1. The cross-correlation for shift k would depend on k. For example, when k=0, the cross-correlation is ∫ h(x)h(x) dx = ∫ [0,1] 1 dx = 1. For k=1, it's ∫ h(x)h(x+1) dx. Since h(x) is 1 on [0,1], h(x+1) is 1 on [0,1] shifted by 1, which is [1,2]. So the overlap is [0,1] intersected with [1,2], which is just the point x=1. The integral is zero. Therefore, the overlap integral for k=1 would be 1 - 0 = 1, which is worse. So this is not good.

So, the previous example shows that a simple step function can lead to high overlap integrals. Therefore, the optimal h must be more carefully designed.

Perhaps the optimal h is a combination of multiple intervals, arranged so that shifting them doesn't create overlaps. For example, if h is 1 on three intervals of length 1/3 each, spaced apart so that shifting by certain amounts doesn't cause overlaps. But how to calculate this?

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function with multiple intervals. For example, if we have two intervals of length 0.5 each, placed such that their shifts don't overlap too much. Let's say the first interval is [0, 0.5], the second is [1, 1.5]. Then, the cross-correlation for shift k=0.5 would be the overlap between [0,0.5] and [0.5, 1.0], which is zero. For shift k=0.25, the overlap between [0,0.5] and [0.25, 0.75] is [0.25, 0.5], length 0.25. Similarly for other shifts. The maximum cross-correlation might be 0.25, leading to overlap integral 1 - 0.25 = 0.75. Still worse than the current record.

This suggests that binary functions with multiple intervals may not be sufficient. Perhaps a more continuous approach is needed.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is as "flat" as possible, but with certain structures to avoid overlaps. For example, a function that is 1 on a set of points that are spaced out in such a way that shifting them doesn't create overlaps. However, this is vague.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game between two players: one trying to minimize the maximum overlap, and the other trying to maximize it by choosing the worst shift. The optimal h would be the one that makes the worst-case shift as small as possible.

This is similar to a minimax problem. To solve this, perhaps we can use a numerical optimization approach that directly targets the maximum overlap. However, the previous code already does this by optimizing the maximum of the cross-correlation.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a more systematic exploration of the search space. For example, use a grid search over certain parameters, but this might be too slow.

Alternatively, use a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h, but implementing that would require more code and might not fit within the time budget.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the previous code by improving the initial guesses and the perturbation strategy. For example, generate more diverse initial guesses, use a better optimization method, or adjust the parameters of the existing method.

Looking back at the previous code, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which is provided. The code then generates a few random guesses and perturbs the best solution found so far. However, maybe we can improve this by using a more effective way to generate initial guesses. For example, using a patterned initial guess that is likely to be good, such as a periodic function or a function with specific intervals.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal h might have a certain symmetry. For example, being symmetric around 1.0. This could help in balancing the overlaps.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300). Maybe increasing this number could allow for more exploration, but it might take too long. Alternatively, use a dynamic approach where the number of perturbations depends on the progress made.

Another possible improvement: instead of using a single optimization method, use a combination of methods. For example, start with a genetic algorithm to generate diverse candidates, then use SLSQP to refine them. However, implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method, such as the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients and might escape local minima better. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is gradient-based and might be more effective for this problem.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed perturbation magnitude. Maybe varying the perturbation magnitude based on the iteration step. For example, larger perturbations early on to explore the space, then smaller perturbations later to converge.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (500) for each optimization. Maybe reducing this number could allow more perturbations to be tried within the time budget.

Another idea: the evaluation of the objective function (the maximum overlap integral) is computationally expensive. Perhaps precomputing or caching some values could help, but in the current setup, it's already done as part of the objective function.

In summary, the main areas for improvement could be:

1. Improving the initial guesses to better explore the search space.
2. Using a more effective optimization strategy, such as varying perturbation magnitudes or using different optimization methods.
3. Adjusting the parameters of the existing optimization method to better balance exploration and exploitation.

Given that the previous code already uses SLSQP with equality constraints, which is appropriate, the main focus should be on improving the initial guesses and the perturbation strategy.

So, perhaps the next step is to generate more diverse initial guesses. For example, instead of just a few random guesses, generate initial guesses based on different patterns, such as:

- A periodic function with certain frequencies.
- A function with specific intervals where h is 1 or 0.
- A function that is symmetric around 1.0.

Additionally, using a more systematic way to perturb the current best solution, such as using larger perturbations initially and gradually reducing them.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values as a starting point, then generate perturbations that are based on the current best solution, such as adding noise with varying magnitudes and scaling to maintain the integral constraint.

Also, considering that the previous code's best result was 0.380988, which is slightly above the target of 0.380876, perhaps the code can be modified to try more aggressive perturbations early on to escape local minima.

In terms of code changes, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise magnitude could help. Also, using a better initial guess, such as the initial_h_values, and then generating more diverse initial guesses.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a different solver like COBYLA or SLSQP with different settings.

But given the time constraints, the main changes would be to improve the initial guesses and the perturbation strategy.

So, the plan is:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses based on different patterns (e.g., periodic, symmetric).
- Use a combination of random perturbations and structured perturbations.
- Vary the perturbation magnitude over time, starting with larger perturbations to explore the space and then smaller ones to converge.
- Use SLSQP with appropriate settings to optimize each perturbed guess.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

Now, translating this into code changes:

The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but perhaps increasing this number and varying the noise magnitude could help. Also, generating more diverse initial guesses.

For example, in addition to the random guesses, generate guesses based on specific patterns. For instance, a function that is 1 on intervals spaced apart.

But generating such patterns might be complex. Alternatively, use a more effective way to generate initial guesses by using a combination of random and structured approaches.

Another idea: use the initial_h_values and then create perturbations by shifting or modifying it in specific ways. For example, creating a guess where h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then adjusting it to meet the integral constraint.

However, without knowing the exact structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. Assuming that the initial_h_values is a good starting point, perhaps the code can be modified to generate more initial guesses by applying different transformations to it.

In terms of code, the previous code generates a few random guesses and adds the initial guess to the perturbations. To improve this, perhaps generate more initial guesses by applying different transformations, such as flipping parts of the initial guess, or adding noise with different magnitudes.

Another possible change is to use a larger number of perturbations and adjust the noise magnitude dynamically. For example, in the early iterations, use larger noise to explore, then smaller noise to refine.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (500) for each optimization. Perhaps reducing this number could allow more perturbations to be tried within the time budget.

Putting this together, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate additional initial guesses by adding noise with varying magnitudes.
- Use a larger number of perturbations, with varying noise magnitudes.
- For each perturbation, perform SLSQP optimization with adjusted parameters.
- Track the best solution found.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The previous code's main loop iterates over num_perturbations, which is 300. To increase exploration, perhaps increase this number to 500 or 1000, but that might take too long. Alternatively, use a dynamic approach where the number of perturbations depends on the elapsed time.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, it's better to balance between the number of perturbations and the time spent on each.

Another idea: use a combination of random perturbations and structured perturbations. For example, in addition to random noise, create guesses by shifting the initial_h_values or modifying specific regions.

However, without knowing the structure of initial_h_values, it's hard to create structured perturbations. So, perhaps stick to random perturbations but with varying magnitudes.

In code, the previous code generates random guesses and adds them to the perturbations. To improve this, perhaps generate more random guesses and also include the initial guess.

Another possible change: instead of using a fixed number of perturbations, use a loop that continues until the time budget is exhausted, and for each iteration, generate a new perturbation and optimize it.

But this would require tracking the elapsed time and stopping when the budget is reached.

In terms of code, the previous code has a loop for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations), but it could be replaced with a while loop that checks the elapsed time.

However, the previous code already has a check for elapsed time and breaks when it exceeds the budget. So, perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and varying the noise magnitude could help.

Another possible change is to use a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method for the initial guesses and then switching to SLSQP for refinement. But this would require more code.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Increase the number of perturbations and vary the noise magnitude over time.
2. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including random and possibly structured ones.
3. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better exploration and convergence.

Now, translating these ideas into code.

The previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (300), but perhaps increasing this number and varying the noise magnitude. For example, in the early iterations, use larger noise, then smaller.

In the code, the perturbations are generated with noise of -0.2, -0.1, and -0.05 for different ranges. Perhaps increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise magnitudes.

Also, the code uses a fixed number of iterations (500) for each optimization. Perhaps reducing this to 200 or 300 to allow more perturbations to be tried.

Another possible change: use a different initial guess, such as the initial_h_values, and then generate perturbations based on that.

In the code, the initial_guess is initial_h_values, and random_guesses are generated. To improve, perhaps generate more random guesses and include them in the perturbations.

Additionally, the code could use a more effective way to scale the perturbed guesses to maintain the integral constraint. For example, after adding noise, scale the perturbed guess to meet the target_sum.

Overall, the revised code would focus on generating more diverse initial guesses, using varying noise magnitudes, and optimizing each with SLSQP.

Now, writing the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    num_perturbations = 500  # Increased for better exploration
    perturbations = []
    
    # Generate initial guesses: original and a few random
    random_guesses = [np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points) for _ in range(5)]
    for guess in random_guesses:
        guess = guess * (target_sum / np.sum(guess))
        perturbations.append(guess)
    
    perturbations.append(initial_guess)
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        if perturbation_idx < len(perturbations):
            perturbed = perturbations[perturbation_idx].copy()
        else:
            # Perturb best_h with varying noise
            if perturbation_idx < 100:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.3, 0.3, n_points)
            elif perturbation_idx < 300:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.15, 0.15, n_points)
            else:
                noise = np.random.uniform(-0.05, 0.05, n_points)
            perturbed = best_h + noise
            perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
            current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
            scale = target_sum / current_sum
            perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-12, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```