<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code used SLSQP optimization with some initial guesses and perturbations, but it didn't reach the target of 0.380876. So, I need to think of ways to improve this.

First, I should understand the lessons from earlier attempts. The user mentioned that using SLSQP with equality constraints is helpful. The previous code already does that, so maybe that's not the issue. The problem might be in the initial guesses or the optimization parameters.

Looking at the previous code, the initial guesses include structured binary patterns and random ones. However, maybe the initial guess isn't optimal. The current initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps we can generate more diverse initial guesses or use a different approach.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the budget allows 100 seconds, so maybe a moderate n_points like 200 or 300 could be feasible.

Wait, the user said that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred. So maybe the initial code uses n_points=100, which is acceptable. But perhaps the optimization could be more efficient.

Another observation: the previous code does a perturbation phase with targeted adjustments. However, the perturbations might not be effective enough. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, like adding noise in specific regions or using a more systematic approach.

Also, the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. Alternatively, using a different local optimizer with better parameters.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to minimize the maximum overlap. Perhaps using a different parameterization, like splitting the interval into segments with different h values, but that might complicate things.

Wait, the constraints are that h is a step function with n_points samples. The previous code uses SLSQP with bounds and constraints. Maybe the issue is that the optimization is getting stuck in local minima. To address this, perhaps using multiple initial guesses and combining the results, or using a different optimization method.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing could be beneficial, but those are more computationally intensive. However, given the time budget, maybe a hybrid approach would work.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, perturbing different regions of the function in each iteration.

Also, the initial guesses could be generated more effectively. For example, using a grid search over different patterns or using a more systematic way to create initial guesses.

Wait, the user mentioned that the current record is C₅ ≤ 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So we need to find a construction that reduces this by about 0.000044. That's a small improvement, so the optimization needs to be very precise.

Perhaps the previous code's optimization parameters are too lenient. For example, the ftol is set to 1e-9, which is very tight. Maybe adjusting the tolerance or the maximum iterations could help.

Another approach: instead of using SLSQP, maybe using a different optimization method like COBYLA or BFGS, but with the same constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for bound constraints and equality constraints.

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values). Maybe trying different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=200 or 300. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. But perhaps for the sake of better accuracy, increasing n_points is worth it, even if it takes more time.

But the user's code uses n_points as the length of initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is 100, then the code uses 100 points. Maybe generating a different initial guess with more points could help. However, the user's code might not have that.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be optimal. For example, using a more uniform distribution or a specific pattern that's known to be good for this problem.

Another idea: the overlap integral is maximized over k. So, perhaps the function h(x) should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to a set of functions that are as non-overlapping as possible. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach to design h(x) with certain properties.

But how to translate that into an optimization problem? Maybe using a periodic function or a function with certain frequency components. However, this might be too abstract for the optimization.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over the overlap, perhaps the optimal h(x) is a piecewise constant function with certain intervals where it's 1 and 0, arranged to minimize the maximum overlap. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

But how to find such a pattern? Maybe using a genetic algorithm to evolve the pattern, but again, this is computationally intensive.

Another thought: the previous code uses a perturbation phase where it adds noise and then optimizes. Maybe instead of adding random noise, we can use a more targeted approach, like perturbing regions where the overlap is highest.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more initial guesses, especially ones that are structured in different ways. For example, using different interval lengths or spacing.

Wait, the initial guesses in the previous code include structured binary patterns with different shifts. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like those with varying interval lengths or more complex patterns, could help.

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses (like 5 random ones). Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses or generating them in a more systematic way could lead to better results.

Another possible improvement: instead of using SLSQP, which is a local optimizer, perhaps using a global optimization method with a budget. However, given the time constraints, this might not be feasible.

Alternatively, using a combination of local and global methods. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate diverse initial guesses and then using SLSQP to refine them.

But implementing a genetic algorithm would require more code and might be time-consuming. However, given that the previous code uses SLSQP, perhaps modifying the initial guesses and the optimization parameters could yield better results.

Another idea: the previous code's perturbation phase uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation magnitude could help. For example, using a larger initial noise scale and then decreasing it over time.

Also, the previous code's perturbation phase uses a phase decay factor. Maybe adjusting this decay rate or the initial noise scale could lead to better convergence.

Another possible issue: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. The previous code computes this maximum, but perhaps there's a way to approximate this or use a different formulation that's easier to optimize.

Alternatively, using a different optimization approach, such as using a gradient-based method with a more efficient implementation.

Wait, the previous code uses np.correlate, which is a fast operation. But maybe there's a way to vectorize the objective function or compute it more efficiently.

Another thought: the integral is over the overlap, which is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For different k, this integral varies. The maximum over k is what we want to minimize. So, perhaps the optimal h(x) should balance the overlaps for all k, not just the ones that are most problematic.

But how to model this in the optimization? It's challenging because the maximum is a non-smooth function. The previous approach of using the maximum as the objective function is correct, but the optimization might struggle with it.

Maybe using a different formulation, such as minimizing the maximum by introducing a variable that represents the maximum value and then minimizing that variable subject to constraints that ensure that all integrals are less than or equal to that variable. However, this would turn the problem into a convex optimization problem if the integrals can be expressed in a convex way. But I'm not sure if that's feasible here.

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function includes a penalty for the maximum value. However, this might not be as effective as directly optimizing the maximum.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the cross-correlation. For example, using FFT-based convolution, which is faster for large n_points. However, the previous code uses np.correlate, which is O(n^2), but for n=100, it's manageable.

Wait, the previous code uses mode='full' for the correlation, which returns the full cross-correlation. But for the overlap integral, perhaps only certain shifts k are relevant. For example, k in [0, 2], but since the function is over [0, 2], the shifts that matter are those where x + k is still in [0, 2]. So, the valid k values are between -2 and 2. However, the maximum over all k would include these.

But the previous code computes the full cross-correlation, which includes all possible shifts. However, the integral for each k is computed as the sum over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But since h is a step function with n_points samples, the cross-correlation would approximate this integral. So the previous approach is correct.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, precomputing all possible shifts and finding the maximum. However, the current approach is already doing that via np.correlate.

Now, considering all these thoughts, what can be done to improve the previous code?

First, maybe increasing the number of initial guesses. The previous code adds a few structured patterns and some random ones. Perhaps generating more structured patterns with different interval arrangements could help. For example, using patterns that are more spread out or have varying lengths.

Second, adjusting the optimization parameters. The previous code uses a fixed number of iterations (maxiter=300) and a tolerance (ftol=1e-9). Maybe reducing the tolerance or increasing the maxiter could lead to better convergence, but this might take more time.

Third, modifying the perturbation phase. Instead of adding random noise, perhaps using a more targeted approach, such as perturbing regions where the overlap is highest. Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy that explores the search space more effectively.

Fourth, using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe using another method like COBYLA or BFGS could be better, but I need to check if they handle the constraints properly.

Another idea: the initial guess is based on initial_h_values. If that initial guess is not good, maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more optimal pattern that's known to be good for this problem.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that's more spread out. For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in certain intervals to balance the overlap.

Wait, the problem requires that the integral of h(x) over [0, 2] is 1. So, the average value of h(x) is 0.5. So, the function h(x) is a step function that is 1 for half of the interval and 0 for the other half. But the exact arrangement of these intervals affects the overlap.

So, perhaps the optimal h(x) is a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in such a way that shifting it by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, a function that is 1 for intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart by 0.5. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern, like a binary sequence with varying intervals. For example, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but with different lengths.

But how to find such a pattern? It's challenging without a good initial guess.

Another approach: using a genetic algorithm to evolve the h(x) function. Each individual is a vector of h values, and the fitness is the C5 value. The genetic algorithm would select individuals with lower C5 values and evolve them through crossover and mutation. However, implementing this in Python with the given time constraints might be difficult, but perhaps manageable.

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, a genetic algorithm might be too slow. So, perhaps sticking with the previous approach but making it more efficient.

Another idea: using a different parameterization of h(x). Instead of a step function with n_points samples, maybe using a different representation that allows for more efficient optimization. However, the problem requires a step function, so this might not be applicable.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for the given problem. For example, using a quasi-Newton method with better convergence properties.

In summary, the main ideas for improvement are:

1. Generate more diverse and effective initial guesses.
2. Adjust the optimization parameters to allow for better convergence.
3. Improve the perturbation phase to explore the search space more effectively.
4. Use a different optimization method if possible.

Let me think about how to implement these ideas.

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code adds structured patterns with different shifts and some random ones. Maybe adding more structured patterns, such as those with different interval lengths or more complex arrangements. For example, using patterns that are not just binary but have varying lengths of 1s and 0s.

Second, adjusting the optimization parameters. Maybe increasing the maxiter or decreasing the ftol. However, this might take more time, so need to balance between accuracy and speed.

Third, modifying the perturbation phase. Instead of adding random noise, perhaps using a more targeted approach. For example, identifying regions where the overlap is highest and perturbing those regions. Alternatively, using a larger initial noise scale and then decreasing it over time.

Fourth, using a different optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe using COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints, or BFGS with constraints. However, BFGS might not handle the equality constraint as well as SLSQP.

Another possible improvement: using a combination of multiple optimization methods. For example, using SLSQP for refinement after generating diverse initial guesses.

Now, considering the code structure, the previous code uses a loop over initial_guesses, optimizes each, and then does a perturbation phase. To improve this, perhaps increasing the number of initial guesses and varying their structures.

For example, adding more structured patterns like:

- Patterns with varying interval lengths (e.g., some intervals longer than others).
- Patterns that are not periodic but have a more complex structure.
- Patterns that are based on known optimal solutions for similar problems.

But without prior knowledge of such patterns, it's challenging. However, the initial_h_values might be a good starting point, so perhaps using that as the main initial guess and generating others based on it.

Another idea: using a grid search over different parameters. For example, varying the number of intervals or their positions. But again, without knowing the optimal parameters, this is difficult.

In terms of code changes, perhaps the following:

- Increase the number of initial guesses by adding more structured patterns.
- Adjust the perturbation phase to use a different strategy, such as adding noise in specific regions.
- Use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters of the existing one.

Let me think about implementing these changes.

First, generating more initial guesses. The previous code adds structured patterns with shifts of 0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75. Maybe adding more shifts or different patterns. For example, adding patterns that are not just binary but have varying lengths.

Alternatively, using a pattern that divides the interval into equal parts and sets h(x) to 1 in certain parts. For example, dividing the interval into 4 equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in two of them, but arranged to minimize overlap.

But without knowing the optimal arrangement, this is speculative.

Another approach: using a pattern that is a combination of different intervals. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.5, 0.3, 0.5, etc., but this requires careful design.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a binary sequence with certain properties, like being a de Bruijn sequence or something similar. However, I'm not sure about the relevance here.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the initial guesses and the perturbation phase.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses are generated with some structured patterns and random ones. To increase diversity, perhaps adding more structured patterns with different interval arrangements.

For example, adding patterns that are not just shifted versions but have different interval lengths. For example:

- A pattern that has intervals of 0.4 and 0.6 alternating.
- A pattern that has intervals of 0.3, 0.5, 0.3, etc.

But how to generate these in code? For example, for a given pattern of intervals, create a step function that is 1 in those intervals.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of multiple intervals. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, etc., but shifted in different ways.

Another idea: using a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a pattern that has 1s in non-overlapping intervals as much as possible.

But again, without knowing the optimal arrangement, it's hard to code.

Perhaps the best way is to add more structured patterns with different shifts and interval lengths. For example, adding patterns with different spacing, like 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, etc.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses include patterns with shifts of 0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75. Maybe adding more shifts or different patterns.

Another possible change is to increase the number of random initial guesses. The previous code adds 5 random ones. Maybe increasing this number to 10 or more.

In terms of the perturbation phase, instead of adding random noise, perhaps using a more targeted approach. For example, identifying the regions where the overlap is highest and perturbing those regions. However, this would require computing the overlap for each region, which might be computationally expensive.

Alternatively, using a larger initial noise scale and then decreasing it over time. The previous code uses a phase decay factor. Maybe adjusting this decay rate to allow for larger initial perturbations.

Another idea: using a different optimization method for the perturbation phase. For example, using a different solver like COBYLA or BFGS, which might converge faster.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for this problem. So perhaps the main changes are in generating more initial guesses and adjusting the perturbation phase.

Putting this all together, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different structured patterns.
- Increase the number of random initial guesses.
- Adjust the perturbation phase to use a different strategy, such as larger initial noise and a different decay rate.
- Possibly adjust the optimization parameters, like increasing maxiter or decreasing ftol.

Now, let's think about implementing these changes in code.

First, in the initial_guesses section, adding more structured patterns. For example, adding patterns with different interval lengths. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.4 and 0.6, or something like that.

Alternatively, using patterns that are not just shifted versions but have different interval arrangements. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, etc., but with varying starts.

But without knowing the exact pattern, it's hard to code. So perhaps adding more shifts and different patterns.

Another idea: using a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain number of 1s and 0s, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 as much as possible.

But again, without knowing the optimal arrangement, this is speculative.

Perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of initial guesses and use a more systematic way to generate them.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses are generated with some structured patterns and random ones. To increase diversity, perhaps adding more structured patterns with different parameters.

For example, adding patterns that are based on different interval lengths, like 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, etc.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of multiple intervals, such as a pattern with intervals of 0.5 and 0.5, but shifted in different ways.

But again, without knowing the optimal pattern, this is challenging.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses, perhaps by adding more structured patterns and increasing the number of random ones.

Also, adjusting the perturbation phase to use a larger initial noise scale and a different decay rate.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method for the perturbation phase. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is also suitable.

Another idea: using a different objective function approximation. For example, instead of computing the maximum of the cross-correlation, perhaps using a different metric that is easier to optimize. However, this might not be accurate.

In conclusion, the main changes to the code would be:

1. Generate more diverse initial guesses, including more structured patterns and more random ones.
2. Adjust the perturbation phase to use a larger initial noise scale and a different decay rate.
3. Possibly adjust the optimization parameters, such as increasing maxiter or decreasing ftol.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

First, in the initial_guesses section, adding more structured patterns. For example, adding patterns with different interval lengths. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.4 and 0.6, or something like that.

But how to generate this in code? For example, for a given pattern of intervals, create a step function that is 1 in those intervals.

Alternatively, using a pattern that is a combination of different intervals. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, etc., but with varying starts.

But without knowing the exact pattern, it's hard to code. So perhaps adding more shifts and different patterns.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses include patterns with shifts of 0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75. Maybe adding more shifts, like 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, etc.

Alternatively, adding patterns that are not just shifted versions but have different interval lengths. For example, a pattern that has intervals of 0.5 and 0.5, but shifted by different amounts.

But again, without knowing the optimal pattern, this is speculative.

Another approach: using a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a pattern that has 1s in non-overlapping intervals as much as possible.

But how to generate this? For example, dividing the interval [0, 2] into equal parts and setting h(x) to 1 in half of them.

But this would be similar to the initial_guesses already generated.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

So, modifying the code to generate more initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method for the perturbation phase. For example, using the COBYLA method instead of SLSQP.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable for this problem.

In the previous code, the perturbation phase uses a phase decay factor of 0.96. Maybe changing this to a different value, like 0.95 or 0.97, to see if it helps.

Also, increasing the number of perturbations. The previous code does 150 perturbations. Maybe increasing this to 200 or 300.

But given the time budget, this might be too slow.

Another idea: using a different initial guess, such as the initial_h_values provided, and then using a more efficient optimization method.

But the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point.

In summary, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different structured patterns.
- Increase the number of random initial guesses.
- Adjust the perturbation phase to use a larger initial noise scale and a different decay rate.
- Possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

First, in the initial_guesses section, adding more structured patterns. For example, adding patterns with different interval lengths.

But without knowing the exact pattern, perhaps adding more shifts and different patterns.

For example, adding patterns with shifts of 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, etc.

Alternatively, adding patterns that are not just shifted versions but have different interval lengths.

But to keep it simple, perhaps adding more shifts and different patterns.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses include patterns with shifts of 0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75. Let's add more shifts like 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, 0.8, etc.

Also, adding more structured patterns with different interval lengths.

For example, adding a pattern that has intervals of 0.5 and 0.5, but shifted by 0.5.

But this would be similar to the existing patterns.

Another idea: using a pattern that is a binary sequence with a certain number of 1s and 0s arranged to minimize overlap. For example, a pattern that has 1s in non-overlapping intervals as much as possible.

But again, without knowing the optimal arrangement, this is difficult.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to increase the number of initial guesses and adjust the perturbation phase.

So, in the code, the initial_guesses section would be modified to include more patterns.

For example:

- Adding more structured patterns with different shifts.
- Adding more random initial guesses.

In the previous code, the initial_guesses are generated with:

- initial_h_values
- structured patterns with shifts of 0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75
- patterns with different interval patterns (like 0.5 spacing, alternating intervals, etc.)
- random binary patterns

To increase diversity, perhaps adding more structured patterns with different shifts and interval patterns.

For example, adding patterns with shifts of 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, 0.8, etc.

Also, adding more random initial guesses.

In the previous code, there are 5 random initial guesses. Increasing this to 10 or more.

Another change: in the perturbation phase, increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise scale.

For example, increasing num_perturbations to 200, and adjusting the phase_decay to 0.95.

Also, increasing the initial noise scale.

In the previous code, the initial noise scale is phase_shift = 0.15. Maybe increasing this to 0.2.

These changes would allow for more exploration of the search space.

Another possible change: using a different optimization method for the perturbation phase. For example, using COBYLA instead of SLSQP.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is suitable.

Putting all this together, the revised code would:

- Generate more initial guesses with different structured patterns and more random ones.
- Increase the number of perturbations and adjust the noise scale and decay rate.
- Possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

The final code would look something like this:

- Generate more initial guesses with different shifts and patterns.
- Increase the number of random initial guesses.
- Adjust the perturbation phase to use larger noise and different decay.
- Possibly adjust the optimization parameters.

But to keep it concise, here's the revised code:

The code would include more initial guesses, such as adding more structured patterns with different shifts and interval patterns. Also, increasing the number of random initial guesses. In the perturbation phase, increasing the number of perturbations and adjusting the noise scale and decay.

Now, writing the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    # Add initial_h_values
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess.copy())
    
    # Add structured binary guesses with different interval patterns
    for shift in [0.0, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9]:
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            if (x >= shift and x < shift + 0.5) or (x >= shift + 1.0 and x < shift + 1.5):
                h[i] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Add more structured patterns
    for pattern in [
        [0.0, 0.5, 1.0, 1.5],  # 0.5 spacing
        [0.0, 0.4, 0.6, 1.0, 1.2, 1.6, 1.8],  # alternating intervals
        [0.0, 0.3, 0.7, 1.0, 1.3, 1.7],  # irregular intervals
        [0.0, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 1.0, 1.25, 1.5, 1.75],  # 0.25 spacing
    ]:
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            for start, end in zip(pattern[:-1], pattern[1:]):
                if start <= x < end:
                    h[i] = 1.0
                    break
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Add more random binary patterns with exactly target_sum ones
    for _ in range(10):  # increased from 5
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=int(target_sum), replace=False)
        h[indices] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase with targeted adjustments
    num_perturbations = 200  # Increased from 150
    phase_shift = 0.2  # Increased initial noise scale
    phase_decay = 0.95  # Slightly different decay rate
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 200}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```