<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅ by minimizing the overlap integral. The previous code uses SLSQP optimization with initial guesses and perturbations, but the current record is 0.38092, and we need to get down to 0.380876.

First, I need to understand what's wrong with the existing approach. The previous code starts with an initial guess and then uses SLSQP with some structured patterns and random binary patterns. Then it does perturbations. However, maybe the optimization isn't efficient enough, or the initial guesses aren't diverse enough. Also, the perturbation phase might not be exploring the space effectively.

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method could help escape local minima. However, global optimization is computationally expensive. Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of the problem could help.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results, but the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the user mentioned that the initial construction is with n=100, so perhaps starting there is better.

Wait, the problem says that the initial_h_values is available, which is n=100. The previous code uses that as the initial guess. But maybe there's a better way to generate initial guesses. For example, using more structured patterns or different interval arrangements.

Also, the current code's perturbation phase uses random noise and scaling. Maybe instead of random noise, we could use more targeted perturbations, like shifting certain regions of the function. Or perhaps using a different optimization method for the perturbations, like a gradient-based approach with more iterations.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. Maybe instead of optimizing for the maximum directly, we can use a different formulation. For example, using a penalty method where we try to minimize the maximum value by adding a penalty term to the objective function. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library. The previous code uses scipy.optimize.minimize with SLSQP. What if we use a different solver, like COBYLA or BFGS? Or maybe even a genetic algorithm for global search, but that might be too slow.

Wait, the problem allows using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including those from cvxpy. However, the previous code doesn't use cvxpy. Maybe formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem could help. But the problem is non-convex because of the max operation in the objective. So that might not be feasible.

Another angle: the overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize this maximum, perhaps we can model this as a game where we want to balance the function h(x) such that shifting it doesn't create large overlaps. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach? Since the problem involves shifts, Fourier transforms could be useful. However, integrating over shifts might be complex.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over x in [0,2], and shifts k. For each k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, the maximum overlap over all possible shifts. To minimize this maximum, the function h should be designed to have minimal overlap with its shifted versions.

In the previous code, the initial guesses are structured patterns, like binary intervals. Maybe trying more complex patterns, such as using multiple intervals with varying lengths and positions, could lead to better results. Also, perhaps using a continuous function instead of binary steps could help, but the problem requires a step function, so it's discrete.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe trying different n_points could help. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But maybe for the initial run, using a higher n_points could lead to better results, even if it takes longer. However, the time budget is 100 seconds, so we need to balance between the number of points and the number of iterations.

Wait, the previous code uses n_points=100. Let me check the initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a 100-point array, then the code uses that. Maybe the initial guess is not optimal, and generating better initial guesses could help. For example, using more structured patterns like periodic functions or specific interval arrangements.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, maybe use a more systematic approach. For example, using a gradient-based method with a different learning rate or momentum. Or using a particle swarm optimization approach, but again, that might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe using a different objective function. The current code minimizes the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, perhaps using a different metric, like minimizing the sum of all cross-correlations, but that might not directly target the maximum. However, the problem requires minimizing the maximum, so that's not helpful.

Wait, the problem says that the evaluation computes C₅ as the maximum of the cross-correlation. So the objective is to minimize this maximum. The previous code uses SLSQP to minimize this maximum. However, the SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as a multi-start approach with different initial guesses, could help.

Another thing to consider: the constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code enforces this with an equality constraint. That's correct.

Now, looking at the lessons from earlier attempts. The first lesson says to use SLSQP with equality constraints, which the code already does. So that's already in place. The other lessons might not apply here.

So, what's missing? Maybe the initial guesses are not diverse enough. The previous code adds some structured patterns, but perhaps adding more varied initial guesses could help. For example, using different periodic patterns, or patterns with varying intervals.

Another idea: instead of using binary step functions, maybe using a piecewise linear function with more segments. However, the problem requires a step function, so that's not allowed. Wait, the problem says h is a step function, but the discretization is represented as n_points samples. So, the function is piecewise constant, with each segment being a constant value. So, the initial guess is a binary step function, but perhaps other step functions with more levels could be better. However, the problem states that h(x) ∈ [0,1], so it's allowed to have values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. So maybe allowing more levels could lead to better results. Wait, but the previous code uses h[i] as 0 or 1 in some cases. Wait, no: the initial_h_values could be any values between 0 and 1. Wait, the initial_h_values is provided, but in the code, the initial_guess is set to initial_h_values, which might be a binary array. However, the code allows h[i] to be between 0 and 1. So maybe allowing more flexibility in the values could help.

Wait, the problem says that h is a step function, but the discretization is represented as samples. So, perhaps the function is piecewise constant, with each segment having a constant value. So, the h_values are the values of the function on each interval. So, the code is correct in that sense.

So, maybe the previous approach is missing some key elements. Let me think about possible changes.

First, the initial guesses. The previous code adds some structured patterns, but maybe adding more varied patterns. For example, using different interval widths, overlapping intervals, or non-uniform spacing.

Another idea: using a genetic algorithm approach. However, with the time budget, it might be too slow. Alternatively, using a more efficient local search method.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, instead of adding random noise, maybe using a more targeted approach, like adjusting certain regions of the function based on the current maximum overlap.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the perturbations. For example, using a gradient descent approach with a learning rate that decreases over time.

Another possible improvement: using a different objective function. Instead of directly minimizing the maximum cross-correlation, maybe using a surrogate function that approximates the maximum. However, this might not be straightforward.

Wait, the cross-correlation is computed as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'). The mode 'full' returns the cross-correlation at all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is the C₅. So, the code is correct in that part.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed n_points of 100. Maybe trying with a different n_points, such as 200, could lead to better results. However, with the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of points and the number of iterations. But the problem says that smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe sticking with 100 is better.

Alternatively, using a combination of different n_points. For example, first optimizing with n=100, then refining with a higher n. But again, time is limited.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method, like BFGS, could be better. Or using a hybrid approach.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. That's correct. So maybe the problem is that the initial guesses are not good enough, leading to local minima. So, generating more diverse initial guesses could help.

Let me think about how to generate better initial guesses. The previous code adds structured patterns like binary intervals with different shifts. Maybe adding more patterns, such as using different interval widths, or non-uniform spacing. For example, using a pattern that alternates between high and low values, or uses multiple overlapping intervals.

Another idea: using a pattern based on the existing initial_h_values. For example, if the initial_h_values has a certain structure, maybe perturbing that structure in different ways.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is not binary. For example, a function that has values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1. This could allow for smoother transitions and potentially lower overlap.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a binary array. If that's the case, then the previous code's initial guesses are binary. However, allowing the optimization to use non-binary values could lead to better results. So, maybe the initial guesses should include non-binary patterns.

For example, instead of binary patterns, using a pattern where some intervals are partially filled. For instance, a function that is 0.5 in certain regions. This could reduce the overlap when shifted.

So, perhaps generating initial guesses with non-binary values could help. For example, using a pattern where the function is 0.5 in certain intervals, and 0 or 1 elsewhere. This could be a better starting point for the optimization.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe increasing the number of initial guesses could help, but that would take more time. However, with the time budget, it's a trade-off.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the new code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point, but also generate more diverse initial guesses, including non-binary patterns.
2. Use a different optimization method, such as BFGS or COBYLA, which might converge better.
3. Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
4. Use a more systematic perturbation approach, such as adjusting specific regions of the function based on the current maximum overlap.
5. Maybe use a different way to compute the objective function, such as precomputing the cross-correlation for all shifts and then taking the maximum.

Wait, the current code computes the cross-correlation for each guess and then takes the maximum. That's correct. But maybe precomputing all shifts could be more efficient. However, the code already does that.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP for all optimizations, use a different method for the initial guesses and then switch to SLSQP for refinement. For example, using a genetic algorithm for the initial guesses and then refining with SLSQP.

But with the time budget, this might not be feasible. So, perhaps focusing on improving the initial guesses and the optimization process.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient way to handle the constraints. The current code uses an equality constraint for the sum. That's correct, but maybe using a different constraint formulation could help. For example, using a penalty method where the constraint is incorporated into the objective function. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a different solver that handles constraints more efficiently. For example, using the SLSQP method with tighter tolerances or more iterations.

Another thought: the previous code's perturbation phase uses random noise and scaling. Maybe instead of random noise, we could use a more targeted approach. For example, identifying the regions where the overlap is highest and adjusting those regions to reduce the overlap.

But how to implement that? It would require analyzing the current h function and making targeted changes. This could be complex, but perhaps during the perturbation phase, we can compute the cross-correlation and adjust the function in regions that contribute most to the maximum overlap.

However, this would require more computational steps and might not fit within the time budget.

Given all these considerations, here's the plan for the new code:

- Generate a variety of initial guesses, including non-binary patterns, such as functions with intermediate values.
- Use a different optimization method, like BFGS, which might converge faster.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to explore more of the search space.
- Use a more efficient perturbation strategy, such as adjusting specific regions based on the current maximum overlap.
- Possibly use a different way to compute the objective function, but the current method seems correct.

Now, translating this into code changes. The previous code uses SLSQP with initial guesses. Let's try using BFGS instead. Also, generating more initial guesses with non-binary patterns.

For example, generating initial guesses that are not just binary but have varying values. For instance, using a pattern where certain intervals have 0.5, or using a sinusoidal-like pattern (though it's a step function, so maybe not).

Alternatively, creating initial guesses by taking the initial_h_values and applying some transformations, like scaling or shifting.

Another idea: using a pattern where the function is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but with varying interval lengths. For example, alternating intervals of different lengths.

In the code, the initial_guesses are generated with different patterns. Let's add more patterns, such as:

- A pattern where the function is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second half.
- A pattern where the function is 0.5 in certain regions.
- A pattern with multiple overlapping intervals.

Also, using more random initial guesses with non-binary values. For example, instead of binary, using a random distribution of values between 0 and 1, ensuring the sum is correct.

But how to generate such initial guesses? For example, for a random initial guess, we can generate values between 0 and 1, then scale them to meet the sum constraint.

So, modifying the initial_guesses generation to include these possibilities.

Another change: using a different optimization method. Let's try using the BFGS method instead of SLSQP. However, BFGS might not handle constraints as well. So perhaps using a method that can handle constraints, like SLSQP, but with different parameters.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints.

Another possible change: increasing the number of initial guesses. The previous code generates a few structured patterns and some random binary ones. Maybe adding more structured patterns, like different interval arrangements.

Putting this all together, the new code would:

- Generate more initial guesses, including non-binary patterns.
- Use a different optimization method, like BFGS or COBYLA.
- Increase the number of initial guesses to explore the search space better.
- Use a more efficient perturbation strategy.

Now, implementing these changes in code.

For example, in the initial_guesses generation, adding patterns like:

- A pattern where the function is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second half.
- A pattern with alternating 1 and 0 in a non-uniform way.
- A pattern with a sinusoidal-like shape (though it's a step function, so maybe not).

Also, generating random initial guesses with non-binary values.

In the code, the initial_guesses are generated with some structured patterns. Let's add more of them.

Another idea: using a pattern where the function is 0.5 in certain regions. For example, a pattern where the function is 0.5 in the middle and 0 elsewhere. Or a pattern with multiple regions of 0.5.

Additionally, using a pattern that is a combination of different intervals with varying values.

Now, the code would have more initial guesses, leading to a better exploration of the search space.

Another change: in the optimization step, using a different method. For example, using the BFGS method with constraints. However, BFGS might not handle constraints as well as SLSQP. So perhaps using SLSQP with tighter tolerances and more iterations.

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints.

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe increasing the maxiter for the optimization steps.

Another possible improvement: using a different way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing all shifts and then taking the maximum. The current code does that with np.correlate, which is correct.

In terms of the perturbation phase, instead of adding random noise, maybe adjusting the function based on the current maximum overlap. For example, identifying the shift that gives the maximum overlap and adjusting the function to reduce that overlap.

But how to implement that? It would require computing the cross-correlation for the current h, finding the maximum, and then making adjustments. However, this could be computationally expensive.

Given the time constraints, perhaps sticking with the previous approach but making some modifications.

So, the final code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate more initial guesses, including non-binary patterns.
- Use SLSQP with tighter tolerances and more iterations.
- Use a more efficient perturbation strategy, perhaps with targeted adjustments.

Now, translating this into code.

The previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations. Let's increase the maxiter for the optimization steps.

Also, in the initial_guesses generation, adding more patterns. For example, adding a pattern where the function is 0.5 in certain regions.

Another idea: using a pattern that is a combination of the initial_h_values and some perturbations.

But I need to write the code now.

So, the new code would have:

- More initial guesses with different patterns.
- Possibly using a different optimization method.
- More iterations in the optimization steps.
- A more efficient perturbation phase.

Let me outline the code changes.

First, in the initial_guesses generation, adding more patterns. For example:

- A pattern where the function is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second.
- A pattern where the function is 0.5 in the middle and 0 elsewhere.
- A pattern with multiple overlapping intervals.

Then, in the optimization steps, using SLSQP with more iterations.

In the perturbation phase, instead of adding random noise, maybe using a more targeted approach. For example, for each perturbation, compute the current maximum overlap, and adjust the function in regions that contribute most to that overlap.

But how to implement that? It might be complex. Alternatively, using a different perturbation strategy, like adjusting specific regions based on the current maximum.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the perturbations, such as a gradient descent approach.

But given time constraints, perhaps the previous approach with random noise and scaling is better, but with more iterations.

Another change: using a different initial guess for the perturbations. For example, using the best_h from the initial optimization steps as the starting point for the perturbations.

Putting all this together, here's the plan for the code:

- Generate more initial guesses, including non-binary patterns.
- Use SLSQP with more iterations and tighter tolerances.
- Increase the number of initial guesses.
- Use a more efficient perturbation strategy, such as adding random noise but with a different scaling factor.

Now, writing the code.

The code will start by generating a variety of initial guesses, including non-binary patterns. For example, adding a pattern where the function is 0.5 in certain regions.

Then, during optimization, using SLSQP with more iterations.

In the perturbation phase, adding more perturbations with different noise scales.

Also, using a different way to generate initial guesses, such as random non-binary patterns.

So, the code will have:

- More initial guesses with different patterns.
- Using SLSQP with more iterations.
- More perturbations with different noise scales.

This should help explore the search space more thoroughly and find a better solution.

Now, implementing this in code.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    n_points = len(initial_guess)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = []
    # Add initial_h_values
    initial_guesses.append(initial_guess.copy())
    
    # Add structured patterns with non-binary values
    for shift in [0.0, 0.5, 1.0]:
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            if (x >= shift and x < shift + 0.5) or (x >= shift + 1.0 and x < shift + 1.5):
                h[i] = 0.5
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Add random non-binary patterns
    for _ in range(5):
        h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
        current_sum = np.sum(h)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        h = h * scale
        initial_guesses.append(h)
    
    # Optimize each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase with targeted adjustments
    num_perturbations = 200
    phase_shift = 0.15
    phase_decay = 0.96
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 300}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```