<think>
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. So I need to find a better construction.

First, I need to understand the problem. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. The constraints are that h is in [0,1] and integrates to 1 over [0,2].

The previous code uses a genetic-like approach with initial guesses, SLSQP optimization, and perturbations. But maybe there's a better way. Let me think about possible improvements.

One idea is to use a more structured approach. The Erdős problem is related to covering and packing, so maybe a better construction can be found by considering periodic patterns or using symmetry. For example, maybe dividing the interval into segments where h is 0 or 1, but with some overlapping regions.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a different number of points could help. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe 100 is okay. But perhaps using a different discretization or a more efficient optimization method.

The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe switching to a global optimization method could help avoid local minima. However, with the time budget, global optimization might be too slow. Alternatively, maybe using a different initialization strategy.

Wait, the initial guess is based on initial_h_values, which is provided. Maybe I can explore different initializations. For example, instead of random patterns, use more structured ones like alternating segments of 0 and 1, or some other periodic pattern.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model it as a minimax problem. The overlap integral for each shift k is a function that we need to minimize the maximum of. This might be a convex optimization problem if we can find a way to represent it, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, maybe we can use a more efficient optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP with a lot of iterations, which might be time-consuming. Perhaps using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess, or even a different approach like simulated annealing or genetic algorithms, but those might be too slow for the given budget.

Wait, the user allows using scipy, numpy, and other solvers. Maybe using a different solver like COBYLA or BFGS? Or perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function.

Another idea: the overlap integral for a given h is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x+k)) dx. But since the function is periodic, maybe we can sample k over a certain range. However, the integral over all k might be complex.

Alternatively, maybe the maximum occurs for certain specific shifts. For example, in the Erdős problem, the worst case is when the shift is such that the overlap is maximized. So maybe focusing on optimizing for the worst-case shift.

Wait, the current code uses the full convolution, which includes all possible shifts. But perhaps for the problem, the maximum occurs for a particular shift. If we can find that shift and optimize for it, maybe that's better.

But how to determine which shifts are critical? Maybe for the given h, the maximum is achieved when k is such that x +k wraps around the interval. For example, shifts that are multiples of some base value. But I'm not sure.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a higher n_points could give a better approximation, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, with the time budget, maybe 100 is manageable.

Wait, the user's previous code used 100 points. Let me check the time. The code runs for 100 seconds, and the previous code might take some time. But maybe with better optimization, we can find a better solution.

Another approach: the problem is similar to designing a function that has minimal overlap with its shifted versions. This is similar to the concept of a "dual" in signal processing, where you want a function that is as non-overlapping as possible with its shifts. Maybe using a Fourier analysis approach? But since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps there's a way to use harmonic analysis.

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach. For example, partitioning the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap too much. For instance, using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, ensuring that when shifted, the regions don't overlap too much.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about finding a set of points with minimal overlap. The constant C₅ is the minimal maximum overlap. So, for example, if we can find a function h that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized.

Let me think of the current best solution. The previous code achieved C₅ ≈ 0.380959. The target is 0.380876. So a reduction of about 0.00008. How can I get that?

Maybe by using a more efficient optimization strategy. For example, using a better initial guess, or using a different optimization method.

The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe I can improve that by using a more effective initialization. For example, instead of random patterns, use a structured approach like a checkerboard pattern or a pattern with alternating segments.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the covering problem. The function h should be designed such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with itself. So perhaps using a pattern that is periodic with a certain period, and ensuring that the overlap between the original and shifted versions is minimized.

For example, if the function h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that their shifts don't overlap. But how to determine the intervals?

Alternatively, think of it as a binary function (h(x) is 0 or 1) with certain properties. However, the problem allows h(x) to be any step function, not necessarily binary. So maybe using a combination of 0, 1, and 0.5 to balance the overlap.

Another thought: the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) over x is the same as the integral of h(x) over x where h(x +k) is 0. So, to minimize the maximum of this over k, we need to arrange h such that for any shift k, the overlap between h and its shifted version is as small as possible.

This seems like a covering problem. The function h should be designed to cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

Maybe using a pattern that has a certain periodicity. For example, dividing the interval into 5 equal parts and using a pattern that repeats every 5 parts. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a binary optimization problem. For example, if h(x) is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then the overlap integral for a shift k would be the length of the overlap between the original and shifted intervals. To minimize the maximum overlap, we need to arrange the intervals so that no shift causes too much overlap.

But with the constraint that the integral of h is 1. So, if we have intervals of length L, then the number of intervals would be 1/L. But since the total length is 2, maybe this is not directly applicable.

Alternatively, think of the problem as similar to the set cover problem, but with the goal of minimizing the maximum overlap.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe using a greedy approach. Start by placing regions where h is 1, then for each shift, ensure that the overlap is minimized. But this is too vague.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization approach. The previous code uses SLSQP with multiple initial guesses and perturbations. Maybe I can improve the optimization by using a different method, such as using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, but given the time budget, this might be too slow.

Alternatively, use a more efficient way to compute the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient, but maybe there's a way to vectorize the computation or precompute certain values.

Another thought: the maximum overlap integral is the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. But since the function is periodic, maybe we can consider only certain shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of a certain base value, or shifts that correspond to the positions where the function h changes value.

But how to determine which shifts to consider?

Alternatively, since the function is defined on [0,2], the possible shifts k can be considered modulo 2. So for any k, the integral is over x in [0,2], and x +k can be in [k, k+2]. To avoid overlapping the interval, perhaps we can consider shifts that are within a certain range.

But I'm not sure. Maybe the maximum occurs for specific shifts, such as k=0.5, k=1.0, etc. So perhaps focusing on optimizing for those specific shifts could be more effective.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximum overlap occurs when the shift is such that the overlap between the original and shifted function is maximized. So, for example, if the function h is designed to be as non-overlapping as possible with its shifts, then the maximum overlap would be minimized.

But how to design such a function?

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a different number of points, such as 200, could provide a better approximation. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so maybe 100 is acceptable. But if the code can handle more points in the time budget, it might be better.

Wait, the user says that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe using 100 points is better than 200. So I should stick with 100.

Another approach: the problem can be viewed as a convex optimization problem. Let me think. The objective is to minimize the maximum of several convex functions. However, the maximum of convex functions is convex, so the problem is convex. But the variables are the values of h, which are constrained between 0 and 1 and sum to 1. So, perhaps using a convex optimization method.

But how to model this? The overlap integral for each k is a linear function of h? Wait, no. The integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx is a quadratic function of h, since it involves the product of h(x) and h(x +k). So the problem is non-convex. Therefore, convex optimization methods may not be applicable.

Hmm. So maybe the problem is non-convex, and we need to use non-convex optimization techniques. But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local method. So perhaps the key is to find better initial guesses and use more effective optimization.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more diverse initial guesses could help. For example, using different patterns like alternating segments of 0 and 1, or using different segment lengths.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initialization method. For example, using a pattern that is known to be good for the problem. For instance, the current best solution might be based on a certain pattern, and we can use that as a starting point.

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values is provided. So maybe the initial guess is a good starting point. But the previous code uses that as the first guess, then adds other random patterns. Maybe we can use more structured initial guesses, like a pattern that repeats every certain number of points.

Another idea: the problem is similar to the "no-three-in-line" problem, where you want to place points with certain spacing. Maybe using a pattern where the function h is 1 in certain positions spaced out to minimize overlap.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary step function with certain regions. For example, dividing the interval into 5 equal parts and setting h to 1 in certain parts. But how to choose which parts?

Alternatively, using a pattern that is similar to a sine wave or other periodic function, but discretized into steps.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps using a greedy algorithm. Start by placing the first segment of h(x) as 1, then for each subsequent segment, place it in a position that minimizes the overlap with previously placed segments. However, this is a heuristic and might not lead to the optimal solution.

But given the time constraints, maybe a greedy approach could be faster and yield better results.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with a better initial guess. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a different method like BFGS with a good initial guess.

But how to compute the gradient of the objective function? The objective is the maximum of several integrals. The gradient would be the derivative of the maximum integral with respect to h. This could be complex, but perhaps manageable.

Alternatively, since the integral for each shift is a function of h, the maximum of these functions is the objective. So, during optimization, we need to track which integral is the maximum and then optimize accordingly.

But this seems complicated. However, for the purposes of optimization, perhaps we can approximate the gradient by considering the current maximum integral and its derivative.

But this might be too involved. Maybe it's easier to use a local optimizer with a good initial guess.

Another idea: the previous code uses perturbations on the best solution found so far. Maybe instead of perturbing the solution, we can use a more systematic approach, like varying the positions of the segments or adjusting their lengths.

Alternatively, consider that the optimal solution might have a certain symmetry. For example, the function h could be symmetric around the midpoint of the interval [0,2]. This could reduce the number of variables to optimize and potentially lead to a better solution.

So, maybe enforcing symmetry in the initial guess. For example, the initial guess is symmetric, and during optimization, we maintain this symmetry. This could reduce the search space and lead to better results.

Another thought: the problem is similar to the design of a binary code with certain properties. For example, in coding theory, you want codes with certain distances. Maybe the problem can be framed similarly, but I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think of the function h as a binary vector, and the overlap integral as the inner product between h and the shifted version of h. But since the integral is over x, it's like a convolution.

Wait, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Which is equal to the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) is 1, the first term is 1. The second term is the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx, which is the convolution of h with itself at position k. So the overlap integral is 1 minus the convolution of h with itself at position k. Therefore, the maximum overlap integral is max_k [1 - (h * h)(k)].

But the problem is to minimize this maximum. Therefore, the problem reduces to minimizing the maximum of (h * h)(k) over k, since we subtract it from 1.

So, the goal is to find a function h with integral 1, such that the maximum convolution value (h * h)(k) is as small as possible. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum overlap integral.

This is an interesting observation. So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the convolution of h with itself. Therefore, the problem becomes finding a function h that minimizes the maximum of its autocorrelation values.

This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation" sequence, which is a well-known problem in signal processing. In this case, we want the maximum autocorrelation to be as small as possible.

In the context of the Erdős problem, this is related to the concept of the "Erdős–Turán discrepancy problem," but I'm not sure. However, the key insight here is that the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation of h.

This is a crucial point. Therefore, the problem is now to find a function h with integral 1, such that its autocorrelation is minimized at all lags.

Now, the challenge is to find such a function. In the case of binary sequences, this is related to the concept of "balanced" sequences, but with the added complexity of the integral constraint.

In the case of the problem, we are allowed to use a step function h, which can take any value between 0 and 1. This is more flexible than binary sequences.

But how to approach this? One idea is to use a sequence that has low autocorrelation. For example, a sequence that is a Barker sequence, but these are binary sequences with certain properties. However, Barker sequences are limited in length, so they might not be directly applicable here.

Another approach is to use a sequence that is a combination of different segments, ensuring that the autocorrelation is minimized. For example, using a sequence that alternates between 0 and 1 in such a way that the autocorrelation is minimized.

But how to design such a sequence?

Alternatively, since the problem is now to minimize the maximum autocorrelation of h, perhaps we can use a method from signal processing that designs sequences with low autocorrelation. For example, using a genetic algorithm to evolve sequences with low autocorrelation.

But given the time constraints, this might not be feasible. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. So perhaps the key is to find a better initial guess and use more effective optimization.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, maybe the optimal solution is a function that is as uniform as possible. For example, a function that is 0.5 everywhere. But this would have an integral of 1, since 0.5 * 2 = 1. However, the autocorrelation of a constant function is 1, which would make the maximum overlap integral 1 - 1 = 0. But this is not possible because the function must be a step function. Wait, no. If h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then the integral is 1, and the autocorrelation would be the integral of 0.5 * 0.5 dx = 0.25. Therefore, the overlap integral would be 1 - 0.25 = 0.75. Which is worse than the current best. So this approach is not helpful.

Hmm. So the uniform function is not good. So the optimal function must have some variation.

Another thought: the autocorrelation of h is maximized when h is concentrated in certain regions. Therefore, to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, we need to spread out the function h as much as possible, but under the constraint that the integral is 1.

But how to balance this?

Maybe the optimal solution is a function that has several segments of 1 and 0, arranged in a way that their autocorrelation is minimized. For example, a function that has segments of 1 separated by segments of 0, such that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

This is similar to the concept of a "periodic" function with certain properties. For example, if the function is periodic with period T, then the autocorrelation would have certain properties.

But how to determine the optimal period and segment lengths?

Alternatively, consider that the function h is a step function with m segments. Each segment is either 0 or 1. The total length of the segments with 1 must be 1 (since the integral is 1). The goal is to choose the positions and lengths of these segments to minimize the maximum autocorrelation.

This seems like a combinatorial optimization problem, but with many variables. However, for a small number of segments, it might be feasible.

But with the time constraints, it's challenging to explore all possibilities.

Another idea: since the problem is now to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, perhaps we can use a method from the field of signal design, such as the Welch bound or other bounds on the autocorrelation. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Alternatively, using a Fourier analysis approach. The autocorrelation of h is the inverse Fourier transform of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of h. Therefore, to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, we need to design h such that its Fourier transform has certain properties.

But this might be complex to implement numerically, especially with the constraints of the problem.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=100). Maybe using a different number of points could help. For example, using 200 points might allow for a more precise approximation. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so 100 is better. But if the code can handle 100 points within the time budget, it's acceptable.

Another approach: the problem is to minimize the maximum of the autocorrelation values. This is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of the convolution of h with itself. Therefore, the problem can be viewed as a minimax problem. 

To tackle this, perhaps using a gradient-based optimization method where we track the maximum autocorrelation and adjust the function h to reduce it. However, this requires computing the gradient of the maximum autocorrelation with respect to h, which is non-trivial.

But maybe we can approximate the gradient. For example, during optimization, we can compute the current maximum autocorrelation and then compute the derivative of that maximum with respect to h. This would require knowing which lag k gives the maximum autocorrelation, and then computing the derivative of the autocorrelation at that lag.

This seems complex, but perhaps manageable. For example, during optimization, for each step, compute the autocorrelation for all lags, find the maximum, and then compute the gradient of that maximum with respect to h. This would involve taking the derivative of the convolution at the specific lag.

But how to compute this derivative? The derivative of the autocorrelation at lag k with respect to h is the derivative of the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. This derivative is the sum over x of h(x +k) * dh(x)/dx, which is the same as the derivative of the convolution at lag k.

But since we are optimizing h, which is a step function, the derivative is not straightforward. However, using numerical differentiation might be possible.

Alternatively, since we're using a step function with discrete samples, we can compute the gradient numerically. For example, for each sample point h[i], compute the change in the maximum autocorrelation when h[i] is perturbed slightly.

This would allow us to approximate the gradient and use gradient-based optimization methods like BFGS or L-BFGS-B.

This could be a better approach than SLSQP, as it might converge faster and find better solutions.

So, the plan is to:

1. Use a step function with n_points samples.
2. Use a gradient-based optimization method (like L-BFGS-B) to minimize the maximum autocorrelation.
3. Use an initial guess that is a good starting point (like the initial_h_values provided).
4. Possibly use multiple initial guesses and perturbations to avoid local optima.

But how to compute the gradient of the maximum autocorrelation with respect to h? For each sample point, we can compute the partial derivatives of the maximum autocorrelation with respect to h[i].

This would involve, for each i, determining how changing h[i] affects the maximum autocorrelation. This can be done by computing the derivative of the autocorrelation at the lag where the maximum occurs.

However, this might be computationally intensive. Alternatively, we can approximate the gradient numerically using finite differences.

Another idea: during optimization, for each step, compute the autocorrelation for all lags, find the maximum, and then compute the gradient of that maximum with respect to h. This would involve for each h[i], computing how much the maximum autocorrelation changes when h[i] is perturbed.

This is a bit involved, but manageable.

Alternatively, since the problem is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, we can use a penalty method. For example, the objective function could be the maximum autocorrelation, and we can use a local optimizer to minimize it.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which might not be the best choice. Perhaps switching to a different optimizer, like L-BFGS-B, which is more efficient for large problems.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe using a different initialization strategy, such as starting with a pattern that has certain properties (like alternating 1 and 0), could lead to better results.

For example, a pattern where the function h is 1 for a certain number of points, then 0, then 1, and so on. This could help in distributing the function's values evenly, thus minimizing the overlap.

So, the plan for the code is:

- Use a fixed number of points, say 100.
- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate several initial guesses with different patterns (e.g., alternating segments, random segments, etc.).
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using a gradient-based method (like L-BFGS-B) to minimize the maximum autocorrelation.
- Use a perturbation phase to further refine the solution.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

Additionally, to improve the optimization, we can:

- Use a more efficient way to compute the objective function and its gradient.
- Use a better optimizer that can handle the problem more effectively.
- Use a more effective initialization strategy.

Now, considering the time budget of 100 seconds, the code must be efficient. The previous code used SLSQP with multiple initial guesses and perturbations, but perhaps using a different optimizer and more efficient initialization could yield better results.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum autocorrelation, perhaps using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions. However, this might be too slow for the given budget.

Alternatively, use a combination of different initial guesses and optimization methods.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The current code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. However, for each optimization step, we need to compute the autocorrelation for all lags and find the maximum. This is computationally expensive, but with n_points=100, it's manageable.

Now, putting this all together, here's a plan for the code:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum autocorrelation value.
2. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.
3. Generate several initial guesses with different patterns (e.g., alternating segments, random segments, etc.).
4. For each initial guess, perform an optimization using a gradient-based method (like L-BFGS-B) to minimize the maximum autocorrelation.
5. Use a perturbation phase to further refine the solution.
6. Track the best solution found and return it.

To implement this, I'll need to:

- Compute the autocorrelation for a given h.
- Compute the maximum autocorrelation value.
- Use an optimizer that can handle this objective function.

But how to compute the gradient? For the purposes of gradient-based optimization, I'll need to approximate the gradient using finite differences. This can be done by perturbing each parameter slightly and observing the change in the objective function.

However, this might be computationally expensive. Alternatively, I can use a numerical gradient approximation during the optimization.

Another approach is to use the SLSQP optimizer but with a better initial guess and more efficient hyperparameters.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the previous code's approach is sufficient, but with some modifications.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with a fixed number of iterations and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a better initial guess could help.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses with different patterns could lead to better results.

For example, instead of random patterns, generate patterns that have certain properties, such as:

- Alternating segments of 1 and 0.
- Segments of varying lengths.
- Symmetric patterns.

By generating these patterns as initial guesses, the optimization might converge to a better solution.

Another thought: the initial_h_values might already be a good starting point, so using it as the primary initial guess and generating a few other patterns could be sufficient.

So, the revised code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as the primary initial guess.
- Generate a few other initial guesses with structured patterns (e.g., alternating segments, symmetric patterns).
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using SLSQP or another optimizer.
- Perturb the best solution found and optimize further.

In addition, the code should be optimized to run within the time budget.

Now, considering all this, here's the plan for the code:

- Use n_points=100.
- Use the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
- Generate a few additional initial guesses with structured patterns (like alternating segments of 1 and 0, symmetric patterns, etc.).
- For each initial guess, perform an optimization using SLSQP with a reasonable number of iterations.
- Use a perturbation phase to refine the solution.
- Track the best solution found and return it.

The code should also be optimized for speed, using efficient computation of the objective function and constraints.

Another thing to consider is the evaluation of the objective function. The previous code uses np.correlate, which is efficient. But for each optimization step, it's important to compute the maximum autocorrelation quickly.

In conclusion, the code will follow the previous approach but with more structured initial guesses and possibly a different optimizer or more efficient hyperparameters.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = 100
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = np.zeros(n_points)
    
    start_time = time.time()
    
    # Initial guess: provided initial_h_values
    initial_guess = initial_h_values
    initial_guess = np.clip(initial_guess, 0, 1)
    scale = target_sum / np.sum(initial_guess)
    initial_guess = initial_guess * scale
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = compute_c5(best_h, dx)
    
    # Generate diverse initial guesses
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    
    # Structured segment patterns
    for num_segments in [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]:
        segment_length = n_points // num_segments
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(num_segments):
            if i % 2 == 0:
                h[i*segment_length : (i+1)*segment_length] = 1.0
            else:
                h[i*segment_length : (i+1)*segment_length] = 0.5
        sum_h = np.sum(h)
        scale = target_sum / sum_h
        initial_guesses.append(h * scale)
    
    # Optimizing each initial guess
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-12, 'maxiter': 1000}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
    
    # Perturbation phase on the best_h found so far
    num_perturbations = 500
    phase_shift = 0.25
    phase_decay = 0.98
    
    for perturbation_idx in range(num_perturbations):
        noise_scale = phase_shift * (phase_decay ** perturbation_idx)
        noise = np.random.uniform(-noise_scale, noise_scale, n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + noise
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed)
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed = perturbed * scale
        
        # Objective function
        def objective(h):
            one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
            corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
            return np.max(corr) * dx
        
        # Optimization with SLSQP
        bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
        cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - target_sum})
        
        result = minimize(
            objective,
            perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=cons,
            options={'ftol': 1e-12, 'maxiter': 500}
        )
        
        if result.success and result.fun < best_c5:
            best_c5 = result.fun
            best_h = result.x
        
        elapsed = time.time() - start_time
        if elapsed >= budget_s:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

def compute_c5(h, dx):
    one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
    corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
    return np.max(corr) * dx
```