<think>
Okay, I need to improve the upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. The previous code used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and BFGS, starting from an initial guess. However, it's possible that there are better approaches.

First, let me think about the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral for each shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. So, we need to find h that minimizes the worst-case overlap over all shifts.

The previous approach used a starting point (initial_h_values) and then tried different optimization methods. But maybe there's a better way. Perhaps trying different initial guesses or using more efficient optimization strategies.

Alternatively, maybe using a different structure for h. The initial construction might have certain symmetries or patterns that could be exploited. Maybe using a periodic or fractal-like pattern, but since it's a step function, perhaps a piecewise constant function with certain intervals.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, but maybe it's not the most efficient way. What if we use a more targeted approach, like gradient-based methods with better initial guesses? Or maybe using a multi-start approach with different starting configurations?

Also, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Maybe trying with different n_points? But the user prefers smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. However, maybe using a larger n_points could lead to better results, as higher resolution might allow for better optimization. But the problem says smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization.

Wait, the user's instruction says that smaller sequences are better for speed. So maybe the initial code uses n_points=45, which is not too bad. But perhaps there's a way to generate better starting points. For example, using a more optimal initial configuration.

Another idea: maybe the initial_h_values is not the best starting point. Maybe generating a different initial guess could lead to better results. For instance, using a more uniform distribution or a specific pattern that's known to be good for this problem.

Another approach: the problem resembles a covering problem, where h(x) and 1 - h(x + k) should be as non-overlapping as possible. So, the function h should be designed to avoid overlap when shifted. This suggests that the function should be structured in a way that when shifted, it doesn't cover the same regions.

Perhaps using a function with regular intervals where h is 1 or 0. But since it's a step function, maybe alternating blocks of 1s and 0s. However, the integral must be 1, so the total area under h should be 1 over [0,2]. So, for example, if h is 1 for a duration t and 0 otherwise, then t must be 1 (since integral is 1). But with a step function that's not necessarily 1 for a single interval, maybe using multiple intervals?

But the optimal solution might involve more complex structures. For example, a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged in such a way that shifting it doesn't overlap too much with itself.

Alternatively, considering the overlap for different shifts. For example, the maximum overlap is over all k. So the function must be designed so that for every possible shift, the overlap is minimized. This seems like a problem where the function's structure is crucial.

Now, thinking about the optimization process. The previous code uses SLSQP, differential evolution, and BFGS. Maybe combining different strategies, such as using a better initial guess, or using more efficient local optimization methods with informative starting points.

Another idea: Maybe using a different optimization strategy, such as using a genetic algorithm with specialized mutation operators or using a surrogate model to guide the search. However, the problem constraints may limit the use of such methods, but given the time budget, it's worth considering.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach to balance different shifts, but the problem is single-objective.

Another thought: the evaluation of the objective function is computationally expensive. The previous code uses a full correlation, which for each h and k computes the integral. Maybe there's a way to approximate this more efficiently, but given that the problem requires exact computation, that's probably not helpful.

Another possible improvement: using a more informed initial guess. For example, the initial_h_values is provided, but maybe combining it with other constructions. For example, generating a function that has a certain periodic pattern, or using a Fourier-based approach to create a function that minimizes overlaps.

Wait, the problem involves harmonic analysis, so maybe there's a connection. Using Fourier methods to design h such that the overlap is minimized. For example, ensuring that the Fourier coefficients of h and 1 - h are orthogonal in some sense. But I'm not sure how to translate that into an optimization problem.

Alternatively, considering that the overlap integral can be written as ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Expanding this, we get ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx = 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. So, the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum of 1 - ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the problem is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k. So, the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimal overlap for any shift k. Hence, the original problem's goal is to find h that maximizes the minimum of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx, and then subtract that from 1.

But how does this help? Maybe considering the autocorrelation of h. The maximum value of ∫ h(x)h(x + k) dx over k is the maximum autocorrelation. So, we need to minimize the maximum autocorrelation. So the problem is equivalent to minimizing the maximum autocorrelation of h.

This might be a different way to think about the problem. Perhaps using known results on autocorrelation minimization. For example, certain types of functions have low autocorrelation, such as Barker codes or certain sequences. However, since h is a continuous function, it's not directly applicable, but maybe some structural properties can be borrowed.

Another angle: since the function h is piecewise constant, perhaps we can model it as a binary function (taking values 0 or 1) but with certain constraints. But the problem allows h(x) to be any step function between 0 and 1.

But the integral constraint requires that the area under the curve is exactly 1. So, for a binary function, it would require that the sum of the lengths of the intervals where h is 1 is exactly 1. So, if h is 1 on an interval of length 1 and 0 elsewhere, then the integral is 1. However, the overlap for this function when shifted by k would be the integral of h(x)h(x +k) dx. For example, if h is 1 on [0,1], then shifting by k, we have h(x)h(x +k) is non-zero only where x ∈ [0,1] and x +k ∈ [0,1]. So the overlap is the intersection of these intervals. The maximum overlap would be when k is such that the overlap is maximized.

But this seems like a very suboptimal choice. For example, if h is 1 on [0,1], then shifting by 0.5, the overlap would be 0.5. But if we split the interval [0,1] into multiple parts, maybe we can get better overlap. However, the problem requires the integral to be 1, so splitting into more intervals would require adjusting the lengths.

But how to model this? It's a challenging problem. Maybe using an integer programming approach, but with a large number of variables.

Alternatively, since the previous methods tried various initial guesses and optimization, perhaps the problem is more about finding a good starting point that's not just the initial_h_values. Maybe generating a different initial suspect that's better.

Another idea: since the previous code tried a number of different initial guesses (like sine and tanh functions), perhaps creating a new initial guess with a different structure, such as a piecewise constant function with a specific pattern that's known to perform well in overlapping problems.

For example, using a function that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. But designing this structure requires some insight into how the overlaps would behave.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more adaptive approach where the function is initially structured as a set of intervals, and then optimized to reduce the maximum overlap.

But how to implement this efficiently within the time budget? The previous code uses a combination of methods, so maybe trying to enhance that with more informed initial guesses.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (from initial_h_values). Maybe trying with different resolutions. For example, using n_points=60, but the problem states smaller sequences are preferred. However, the user's current best is with n_points=45. So maybe trying with n_points=60 could be better, but it's not certain.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing method. Let me think about possible improvements.

Perhaps the initial guesses could be more varied. The previous code tried sine and tanh functions with specific frequencies and amplitudes. Maybe trying different shapes or more parameters.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using a more efficient gradient-based method with better starting points. The SLSQP method can get stuck in local minima, so perhaps trying multiple starting points and using a more robust optimizer.

Another idea: the current code uses a differential evolution step, which is a global search, followed by SLSQP optimization. Maybe if we use a more efficient initial search, followed by more detailed optimization.

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to find the best h, but that might be too complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using surrogate models, but again, with the time budget of 100 seconds, it's tricky.

Another angle: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe focusing on the shifts that are most likely to cause high overlaps. For example, the shifts that correspond to the biggest possible overlap. But how to determine which shifts to focus on?

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap is over all k, perhaps using a method that explicitly focuses on reducing the overlap for all k, not just the ones that are found during optimization.

But how?

Maybe a different approach to the objective function. The current code evaluates the correlation, which is equivalent to the overlap for each shift. But maybe the maximum value of this correlation is what we need to minimize.

So, the key is to find h that minimizes the maximum value of the correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by some amount.

Another idea: the problem is similar to designing a function that is as non-redundant as possible when shifted. So, perhaps using a function with high entropy, or high variance, but again, translating this into an optimization problem is unclear.

In the previous code, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern. Let me think: if the initial_h_values is a good starting point, perhaps refining it further with better optimization techniques could yield better results.

Alternatively, perhaps generating a new initial guess that's different from the existing one. For example, using a random permutation of 0s and 1s with the correct area, but ensuring that it's not too uniform.

Another thought: the current code uses a deterministic initial guess (initial_h_values), but maybe using a random initial guess with the same constraints could lead to better results. However, given the time budget, randomized methods may not be feasible.

Alternatively, combining the initial guess with some random perturbations, and then optimizing.

But how to implement this?

Alternatively, using the initial guess and then applying a more efficient optimizer. For example, using L-BFGS with better settings.

Another possible improvement: instead of using the full correlation (which is for all shifts), maybe compute correlations for only the shifts that are likely to be the worst. But how to determine which shifts to focus on during the optimization.

Alternatively, during the optimization, if we can track the worst shift and focus on reducing that, but that would require more complex logic.

Another idea: the previous code uses SLSQP, which can handle constraints. But maybe with better settings (like tighter tolerances, or better initial guesses) it could find better solutions.

Another thing to consider: the current code uses the same initial guess for all optimizations. Perhaps generating more diverse initial guesses could help escape local minima.

For example, in the previous code, they generate several guesses based on sine and tanh functions. Maybe adding more types of initial guesses, such as waveforms with different frequencies, or patterns that are not sinusoidal.

But the user's code already includes a variety of guesses, so perhaps trying to improve those.

Alternatively, using more sophisticated initial guesses based on known optimal configurations for similar problems.

But without prior knowledge, it's hard to say.

Another idea: perhaps using a more efficient optimization method like a reduced gradient method or a trust-region method. However, in practice, for Python, scipy.optimize has various methods.

Wait, the current code uses SLSQP, which is a Sequential Least Squares Programming method. Perhaps trying a different method, like COBYLA, which is derivative-free and might handle the constraints better.

But the user's previous code uses SLSQP, so maybe switching to COBYLA could be an option.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

Another possible improvement: using parallelization. Since there's only one CPU, it's not feasible. But the current code already tries multiple guesses in parallel (using multiple differential evolution runs). However, with the budget limit, perhaps optimizing the number of iterations.

Another approach: perhaps the key is to find a function h that is as spread out as possible over the interval. For example, distributing the 1s in h to different regions so that shifts don't overlap too much. So, if the function is spread out over the entire interval, the overlaps might be minimized.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Another thought: the integral ∫ h(x) dx = 1. So, the average value of h over [0,2] is 0.5. So, if h is 0.5 everywhere, then the overlap would be 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) = 0.25 for all shifts. But this is a constant function, but the problem allows for any step function. However, the integral constraint is satisfied. But the overlap integral for this case would be 0.25, which is much lower than the current bound. However, this can't be correct because the problem requires that h is a step function, but the constant function is not a step function. Wait, no, the step function can have constant regions. So, the function h(x) = 0.5 for all x is a valid step function. However, the problem requires that h(x) ∈ [0,1], so that's allowed. But then the overlap integral would be ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. For h(x) = 0.5, this becomes 0.5 * (1 - 0.5) = 0.25, integrated over all x. Wait, no, for a constant function, the overlap integral is ∫ 0.5 (1 - 0.5) dx = 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. Wait, but this seems contradictory. How does that work? Let me recalculate.

If h(x) = 0.5 for all x, then 1 - h(x +k) = 0.5 for all k. Therefore, the overlap integral becomes ∫ 0.5 * 0.5 dx = 0.25 * 2 = 0.5. So the value of C5 would be 0.5, which is worse than the current bound of 0.38. So this is not a good solution. Therefore, the optimal solution must be more complex.

So, the problem is not trivial.

Now, returning to the code. The previous code used several different initial guesses, including sine and tanh functions. These functions may not be the best, but they provide a starting point. The challenge is to improve upon that.

Another idea: instead of trying to generate different initial guesses, maybe using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses that are likely to perform well. For example, generating piecewise constant functions with different patterns.

But how to do this efficiently. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into n parts, and setting h to 1 for certain parts and 0 for others, ensuring that the integral is 1.

For example, if the interval is divided into m parts, then to satisfy the integral, the total length of the parts where h is 1 must be 1. So, if there are m parts, the sum of the lengths where h is 1 is 1.

This could be modeled as a binary optimization problem, but for large m, it's not feasible. However, for the small n_points (e.g., 45), it's manageable.

But implementing this would require generating multiple binary patterns and optimizing them.

However, given time constraints, perhaps this is not feasible.

Another thought: the problem may benefit from using a different optimization library, such as using a more efficient method like bound-constrained optimization (like L-BFGS-B) with better settings.

Alternatively, using a random search with the constraint sum. But again, with the time budget, it's uncertain.

Another idea: instead of using the correlation from 0 to 2, perhaps using a different way to compute the maximum overlap. For instance, the overlap integral for each shift k can be computed by considering the overlap of the function h with a shifted version. For a step function, this would be a series of intervals where the product h(x) * (1 - h(x +k)) is non-zero.

But for optimization, it's already handled by the np.correlate function.

Hmm. Let me think about possible shortcomings in the previous code.

One possible issue is that the initial guesses might not be varied enough, leading to local minima. The current code adds several guesses, but maybe it could be more efficient to generate more diverse initial guesses.

Another issue is that the differential evolution step may take too long, and the SLSQP step could be overfitting. Perhaps using a different combination of steps, such as using differential evolution for global search and then more focused local optimization.

Alternatively, using multiple different optimization methods in parallel, but again, with only one CPU, it's constrained.

Another possible improvement: using a better initial guess based on the existing initial_h_values. For example, perturbing it slightly and then optimizing. But how?

Alternatively, using the initial_h_values as a starting point and then applying a more efficient optimizer, like COBYLA or SLSQP with tighter tolerances.

But the previous code already does this.

Another thought: since the problem's target is to find a lower C5 bound, perhaps the current code's best is around 0.3811, and the target is 0.380876. So, even a small improvement could be significant. So, the new code needs to find a way to improve the existing result.

Perhaps by using a more efficient optimization strategy that can explore the search space better.

Another approach: using a hybrid optimization method that combines global search with local refinement. For example, using a genetic algorithm to generate initial candidates, then refining them with an optimizer like SLSQP.

But given the time budget, this might not be feasible unless it's done efficiently.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach. For example, generating multiple initial guesses, each of which is then optimized using SLSQP. This is what the previous code does, but maybe increasing the number of guesses or changing the way guesses are generated.

In the previous code, the guesses are based on sine and tanh functions with certain parameters. Maybe generating more guesses with different parameters or different functions.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with the constraint that the sum is 1, then optimizing it.

Let me think: since the previous code uses initial_h_values, which is a step function, perhaps generating a random initial guess that is also a step function, with the correct sum, could lead to better results.

But how to generate such a guess quickly.

For example, randomly assign 1s and 0s to the points, ensuring the sum is 1 (i.e., the total length is 1). But since it's a step function, it's discrete, so sum(h) * dx = 1. For example, if n_points is 45, then sum(h) = 45/2 = 22.5. So, the sum of h must be 22.5. So, randomly selecting 22.5 points to be 1 and the rest 0. But since we can't have half points, this isn't possible. Instead, perhaps generating a binary vector with sum approximately 22.5, and then adjusting, or using continuous values between 0 and 1.

But again, this requires code to generate such a vector.

Alternatively, for the initial guess, generating a random binary vector with sum ≈ n_points / 2, and then initializing h as that vector. But this could be done quickly.

However, the previous code uses initial_h_values, which might already be a good starting point. But maybe randomly generating a new initial guess could lead to better results.

But the problem states that if initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So the code can't use it as a random guess unless that's the case.

But in the given problem, the user's code uses the initial_h_values, which is provided. So, the code should use it directly, but not redefine it.

Therefore, the code can't generate random initial guesses unless they are based on the existing initial_h_values. 

Another idea: modify the initial_h_values. For example, perturb it slightly and optimize.

But again, this is what the previous code does by trying different initial guesses.

So, given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to enhance the previous approach by improving the initial guesses and the optimization strategy.

Let me consider modifying the previous code:

- Use more diverse initial guesses, perhaps generating more functions.
- Use a more efficient optimizer for the local refinement steps.
- Increase the number of iterations or the number of guesses tried.

But within the time budget.

Another possible improvement: using a different optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using a genetic algorithm to find a better initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP.

But in Python, scipy doesn't have a built-in genetic algorithm. However, there's scipy.optimize.differential_evolution, which is used in the previous code.

Alternatively, using more careful settings for the differential evolution, such as increasing the mutation rate or population size.

In the previous code, differential evolution is called with popsize=25, maxiter=30, etc. Maybe increasing these parameters could lead to better exploration.

But with the time budget, it's possible that running differential evolution longer would be better.

Another idea: after generating a candidate via differential evolution, immediately refine it with a more precise optimizer like SLSQP, instead of doing it in separate steps.

Alternatively, combining the differential evolution with SLSQP in a single step, but this might not be straightforward.

Another possible enhancement: using more sophisticated bounds or constraints in the optimization. For instance, using inequality constraints to enforce that the function does not vary too abruptly, which could help in avoiding local optima.

But this is speculative.

Alternatively, adding a penalty to the objective function if the function h has sharp variations, to encourage smoother functions. But this might complicate the optimization.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best way is to enhance the previous code by making it more efficient, using better initial guesses, and more thorough optimization steps.

So, to implement this:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, such as using different waveforms or patterns.
- Increase the number of iterations for the optimization steps.
- Use more efficient methods for the local optimization.

But how to implement this concisely.

In the previous code, the guesses are generated using sine and tanh functions. Let me think of other functions that could be used as initial guesses. For example, using a triangular wave, or a rectangular pulse with varying widths.

But generating them would require code. However, the code is allowed to use any method, as long as it's algorithmic.

Another idea: generate an initial guess that is a binary function with certain periodicity, then optimize it. For example, alternating between 1 and 0 in a regular pattern.

But again, how to implement this.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, arranged in a way that the overlap is minimized. For example, dividing the interval into equal parts and setting h to 1 in some of them.

But again, how to generate this quickly.

Another thought: the problem's current best is around 0.381. The target is 0.380876, which is very close. So, the improvement needed is minimal. This suggests that the previous code might be very close to the optimal solution, and any improvement would require subtle changes.

Perhaps trying to improve the initial guesses by using more varied functions. For example, using a combination of sine functions with different frequencies, or using a more complex waveform.

In the previous code, they add guesses like sine and tanh functions with various frequencies and amplitudes. Perhaps adding more of these, or varying the parameters.

Additionally, using a different optimization method for the initial guesses. For example, using a different method like Nelder-Mead.

But the current code uses differential evolution and SLSQP.

Another possible improvement: using the initial_h_values as a base and generating perturbations to it, then optimizing those perturbations. For example, creating a new guess by adding a small random noise to the initial_h_values, then optimizing it.

But this might not be as effective as generating new guesses from scratch.

Alternatively, combining multiple initial guesses. The previous code generates several guesses, but maybe generating more guesses could help find better solutions.

In the previous code, there are 8 guesses (the initial_h_values, 2 sine functions for each frequency, 2 tanh functions). So, perhaps increasing the number of generated guesses could help.

But given the time constraints, it's possible that the code is already trying enough.

Another idea: the previous code uses the same n_points as initial_h_values. Maybe trying a different n_points, say, n_points=60, could allow for more precise optimization, leading to better results.

But the user prefers smaller sequences. However, changing n_points could be beneficial.

But the code's initial_h_values has n_points=45. So, if we can find a way to generate h_values with n_points=60, that's allowed as long as it's less than 1k samples.

But the code has to return the best solution found, so it's acceptable.

So, perhaps generating a different n_points could help.

But how to adjust the code to use a different n_points.

However, the user's initial_h_values is provided, which has a specific n_points. So, the code might have to use that n_points.

But the problem says that when initial_h_values is available, use it directly. So, the code cannot change the n_points.

Therefore, the code must use the same n_points as the initial_h_values.

Thus, the code cannot change the n_points.

Therefore, the code must proceed with the given n_points.

Now, considering all that, the best way to improve the previous code is to enhance the optimization steps. For example, using more effective initial guesses, more iterations, and better optimization settings.

Another improvement: using a more efficient optimizer like SLSQP with better settings. For example, increasing the maxiter in the optimize.minimize call, or using tighter tolerances.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method has options like maxiter=100, ftol=1e-10, eps=1e-9. Perhaps increasing maxiter or adjusting these parameters could lead to better convergence.

Alternatively, trying a different method, like COBYLA, which handles bounds and constraints.

Let me think: the previous code uses SLSQP for the initial guesses and for refining. Maybe switching to COBYLA for some steps could help.

Another possible improvement: using the initial guess and iterating with multiple refinement steps, each time improving the solution.

Another idea: using a combination of differential evolution and SLSQP, but with more thorough exploration.

Given all these possibilities, the code can be modified to:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses.
- Use more iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
- Use different optimization methods for different stages.
- Increase the number of guesses tried.

So, implementing this in the code.

For example, in the previous code, generating more guesses by adding more sine and tanh functions with varying parameters. Also, using different optimization methods.

Now, putting this all together, the code would need to be adjusted. Since the user's previous code uses a specific set of guesses, perhaps adding more guesses with different parameters could help. For example, adding more frequencies or amplitudes.

Additionally, changing the optimization settings to allow more iterations or different tolerances.

But since the code must fit within 300 lines and 12,000 characters, it's important to keep it concise.

Thus, the plan is to enhance the initial guesses and the optimization steps, possibly by adding more guesses and improving the optimization settings.

Now, let's structure the code.

The code will:

1. Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.

2. Generate additional initial guesses using different waveform functions.

3. Use differential evolution to explore the search space.

4. Refine the best guesses using SLSQP and other optimizers.

Here's a possible code structure:

- Define functions to generate various initial guesses (e.g., sine waves, square waves, etc.).
- Generate multiple initial guesses.
- For each guess, run the optimization methods and keep track of the best solution.
- Refine the best solution further using more advanced optimization techniques.

Now, to implement this concisely.

The code can include functions to generate several types of waveforms. For example, in addition to sine and tanh, perhaps a square wave or a triangular wave.

But generating these waveforms could be done using numpy.

However, the code needs to stay within the token limit, so it's essential to keep the code compact.

Another thing to note is that the previous code tried to use SLSQP after differential evolution, and then a final refinement with BFGS. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations in these steps could lead to better results.

Alternatively, replacing the BFGS step with a different method.

Another possible change is to use a different initial guess for the differential evolution.

Thus, the code can be modified as follows:

- Generate more initial guesses with different parameters.
- Increase the number of iterations for the differential evolution and SLSQP steps.
- Use a different optimizer for the final refinement step.

Now, translating this into code.

But given the time constraints, the code must be concise and fit within the required limits.

So, the final code will resemble the previous code but with improvements in initial guesses and optimization steps.

For example, adding more guesses with different frequencies and amplitudes, using a different optimizer for the refinement step, and increasing the number of iterations.

Now, the code will be written with these improvements.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx

    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_sine(freq, amp, phase=0.0):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.sin(2 * np.pi * (freq * t + phase))
        return np.clip(0.5 + 0.5 * wave, 0, 1)
    
    def generate_tanh(freq, amp):
        t = np.linspace(0, 1, n_points)
        wave = amp * np.tanh(10 * (freq * t - 0.5))
        return np.clip(0.1 + 0.8 * wave, 0, 1)
    
    guesses = [h]
    
    # Generate more diverse initial guesses
    for f, a in [(3, 0.6), (4, 0.5), (5, 0.4), (7, 0.3), (2, 0.7), (6, 0.6), (8, 0.5), (9, 0.4), (10, 0.3)]:
        guesses.append(generate_sine(f, a))
        guesses.append(generate_sine(f, a, phase=1.0))
    guesses.append(generate_tanh(3, 0.6))
    guesses.append(generate_tanh(4, 0.5))
    guesses.append(generate_tanh(5, 0.4))
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=30,
                                             mutation=(0.8, 1.2), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 50, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_bfgs(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='L-BFGS-B', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'gtol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 60})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_bfgs(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```