<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38085, and my goal is to get lower than that, maybe around 0.380876. The previous approach used a combination of optimization methods like SLSQP, differential evolution, and Nelder-Mead, starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should think about the problem again. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x+k)) dx. So for each shift k, we compute this and take the maximum. We need to find h that minimizes this maximum.

The previous code used a starting point (initial_h_values) with 45 points. The approach involved several optimization steps, trying different methods to refine the solution. But perhaps there's a better way to structure the search.

Hmm, maybe starting with a different initial guess could help. The current initial guess is 45 points, but maybe using a more structured initial guess, like a periodic pattern or something else, could lead to better results. Also, the previous code tried different methods, but maybe combining them or using different strategies for the optimization steps could be better.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem or a scheduling problem where we need to place points in [0,2] such that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. Maybe there's a way to model this as a more structured optimization problem, perhaps using symmetry or other constraints.

Wait, since the function is over [0,2], maybe considering periodic or symmetric patterns could help. For example, using a function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that distributes the 1s evenly, which might minimize the maximum overlap when shifted.

But how to translate that into a numerical optimization problem? The previous approach used random and regular guesses, but maybe a more systematic way of generating initial guesses could improve the results.

Another idea: maybe using a genetic algorithm or a more global optimization method could help avoid local minima. However, the previous code used differential evolution, which is a global optimizer. But maybe adjusting the parameters, like population size or mutation rates, could lead to better convergence.

Wait, but the time budget is tight, only 100 seconds. So the code has to run efficiently. The previous approach used several optimization steps, which might be time-consuming. Maybe focusing on a few more efficient steps could be better.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. For example, using a gradient-based method with better convergence properties, or using a combination of methods.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP for some steps, which is a local optimization method. Differential evolution is a global optimizer. But maybe combining them with some smart selection of initial points could help.

Another angle: the overlap integral is maximized over all possible k. The maximum value is the worst-case shift. So, perhaps the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is as small as possible.

Another approach is to consider that the integral over h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx is similar to the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h). So, the maximum cross-correlation is what we need to minimize. Therefore, the problem is related to designing a function with low cross-correlation with itself, but with the integral constraint.

In signal processing, cross-correlation is a measure of similarity between two signals. So minimizing the maximum cross-correlation could be related to spreading out the signal in time. However, here the function h is a step function with integral 1 over [0,2], and we need to find the optimal step function.

But how does this translate to the numerical optimization? The previous code tried various optimization steps. Maybe trying to find a better initial guess is key here. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but maybe there's a way to generate a better initial guess.

Wait, the initial_h_values could be a specific pattern. For example, maybe placing the 1s in a way that they are spread out, like using a lattice or a specific fractal pattern. Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach to model the function h.

Alternatively, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using a Bayesian optimization approach, which can be more efficient in high-dimensional spaces. But given the time constraints, maybe that's not feasible.

Another idea: since the integral is fixed, the function h is a probability density function (if normalized), and the problem is to minimize the maximum over k of the expectation of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)). So, it's a kind of "maximum mean discrepancy" problem. But I'm not sure how to apply that here.

Alternatively, maybe considering the problem as a convex optimization problem. But the objective function is non-convex because it's the maximum of several integrals. Therefore, convex optimization might not be directly applicable.

Wait, perhaps breaking the problem down. For each shift k, compute the integral and take the maximum. The integral for a given k is ∫₀² h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. But integrating over x, and x +k must be within [0, 2], so the limits of integration might vary depending on k.

But in the code, it's using np.correlate with mode 'full', which computes the cross-correlation between h and (1 - h), so the maximum value is the maximum of the cross-correlation. However, the exact computation needs to account for the overlap between the functions. But maybe the code is using a discrete approximation of the integral.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points, n_points, which is the length of initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is 45, then n_points is 45. But maybe using a larger number of points could lead to a better approximation. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, as they are faster to optimize. So using 45 points might be better than 1000.

But the previous code used 45 points. So perhaps the initial approach is good. However, there may be better initial guesses.

Wait, what if we start with a more structured initial guess? Like, instead of random or regular, maybe using a pattern that's optimal for one or two shifts. For example, arranging the 1s in a way that they are spaced out to minimize overlap when shifted by certain distances.

Alternatively, maybe using a windowed approach, such as a triangular shape or a sine wave-like pattern. But since h is a step function, it's made of points that are either 0 or 1.

Another idea: the problem is similar to a covering problem where we want to place 1s such that when shifted, they don't overlap too much. So, placing the 1s in positions that are spread out in the interval [0,2]. For example, placing them at regular intervals would help, but the interval is 2 units long. If the number of 1s is n, then the spacing between them is 2/n. But since the integral is fixed at 1, the number of 1s would be n_points / 2, since sum(h) * dx = 1 => sum(h) = n_points / 2. So, if we have n_points = 45, then sum(h) = 45/2 = 22.5. So the number of 1s is 22 or 23. So the initial_h_values might have 22 or 23 ones.

Hmm. The previous code tried generating regular patterns with 22 and 23 ones, but perhaps that's not optimal. Maybe there's a better way to position the 1s to minimize the maximum overlap.

Another approach: maybe the optimal solution has some symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric around 1.0, then shifting it by 1.0 would give a certain property. But I'm not sure how that applies here.

Alternatively, considering that the shift k can be any real number, but in the discrete case with samples, we can only shift by multiples of dx. So, the code uses the discrete correlation.

But perhaps the previous code's initial guess is not the best. For example, the initial_h_values might be a certain pattern, but if we can generate a better initial guess, that could help. So maybe generating multiple initial guesses, not just regular and random ones, could lead to better convergence.

Wait, the previous code includes generating regular and random guesses, but maybe there's a way to generate more structured initial guesses. For example, using a pattern that's optimal for certain shifts, or using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s.

Another idea: instead of trying to optimize all the parameters at once, maybe fix certain parameters and optimize others. For example, place the 1s in positions that are spaced to minimize the maximum overlap for certain shifts, then optimize the rest.

But how to implement that? It's not straightforward.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. The current code uses SLSQP and differential evolution. Maybe trying a different method like genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could help, but those are generally slower.

Another thought: the problem is highly non-convex, so getting stuck in local optima is a big problem. The previous approach uses multiple optimization steps with different methods, which could help explore different regions. Maybe increasing the number of trials or varying the parameters could help.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution with a population size of 30 and 30 iterations. Maybe increasing the population size or the number of iterations could lead to better results, but it would take more time. However, since the budget is 100 seconds, perhaps that's manageable.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method for the local steps. For example, the SLSQP method might be too slow, but maybe using a different method like BFGS or L-BFGS-B with some constraints.

Wait, the problem is a constrained optimization problem, with the constraint that the sum of h is fixed. So, the optimization must respect this constraint.

Another idea: since the function h is a step function, perhaps using a quantization approach. For example, each point in the h array is either 0 or 1. However, the initial_h_values could be more than 22.5, so it's a step function with varying values. But if we fix the h values to be either 0 or 1, that could reduce the search space, but the problem allows h(x) to be any value in [0,1]. However, using only 0 and 1 might lead to a better solution. But the previous code uses continuous variables. Maybe trying a discrete approach could help, but I'm not sure.

Wait, the current code uses a continuous approach. Maybe the optimal solution is not a step function with binary values, but with some intermediate values. However, since the problem allows h to be any step function (different from what it is), maybe the optimal solution uses some continuous values.

Another angle: perhaps the best approach is to use the previous code's methods but with some modifications. For example, using a better initial guess. Since the user mentioned that starting from the current initial construction may lead to a local optimum, perhaps trying different starting points, like using a different pattern.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. For instance, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound constraints and box constraints. Or using a trust-region method.

But all of this is just speculation. Let's think about what can be done code-wise.

The previous code uses several optimization loops. It first uses SLSQP for a few guesses, then uses differential evolution, then refines with Nelder-Mead. However, perhaps the order or the parameters could be adjusted.

For example, the initial guess could be optimized more thoroughly. Also, the differential evolution step may not be sufficient. Alternatively, using multiple starting points in differential evolution.

Another idea: the cross-correlation maximum is being minimized, but perhaps there are multiple peaks, and the code only focuses on finding the maximum. However, the code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation, which is correct as per the problem statement.

So perhaps adjusting the optimization parameters, like the number of iterations or the tolerance levels, could help find a better solution.

Another thing to consider is the discretization. The current code uses n_points = len(initial_h_values) (which is 45). Maybe using a different n_points, like 80 or 100, could allow for a better approximation. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so 45 is better than 100.

Wait, the user says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples, so 45 is acceptable. So no need to increase n_points.

Another idea: perhaps using a more intelligent initial guess. For example, if the initial_h_values is a certain pattern, maybe generating another pattern where the 1s are spaced in a way that's optimal for certain shifts.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user mentions that the initial_h_values can be used directly, so perhaps they are a known good starting point.

Wait, the user says that the initial_h_values is a known construction, and I should start from that. But if I can generate a better starting guess, that could help. So maybe generating a starting guess that's different from the initial one.

Alternatively, using a combination of different starting guesses, like regular patterns with varying numbers of points, or randomized ones, to see if any of them lead to a better solution.

Another thought: the problem is similar to a covering problem where the function h is a set of points that need to avoid overlapping too much when shifted. So, for example, placing the points in such a way that the distance between any two points is more than a certain value. But since it's a continuous interval, this might not directly apply.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the shift k is such that the h and 1 - h overlap the most. So, placing the 1s such that they are spaced in a way that for any k, the overlap between h and 1 - h is minimized.

This seems like a problem where the optimal solution is periodic with certain symmetry. For example, if the function h is symmetric and has periodicity that matches the interval [0,2], perhaps with a certain frequency.

But without knowing the exact properties, it's hard to model. So maybe back to code optimization.

Looking at the previous code's structure, it's doing several optimization steps. Maybe the key is to do more thorough optimization steps. For example, allowing more iterations in the SLSQP and differential evolution steps.

Also, the code uses a few different initial guesses, which is good. But perhaps generating more initial guesses could be helpful. However, generating too many could be time-consuming.

Another idea: the code uses the initial_h_values as a starting point. Maybe using this as the first guess, but also generating other starting points based on it, like perturbing it slightly, or applying transformations.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach where after some steps, the code uses the best solution found so far as the next starting point for other optimization methods.

But perhaps the main issue is that the initial code's optimization steps are not thorough enough. So, increasing the maxiter parameters for the optimization methods, or using better tolerances.

In the previous code, the SLSQP method has maxiter=100 and ftol=1e-12. Maybe increasing the ftol could allow for faster convergence, but this risks missing the optimal solution. Alternatively, using a different method for the local optimization.

Another thing: the code uses the 'SLSQP' method for the first optimization steps, which may not be the best for this problem. Maybe using the 'L-BFGS-B' method would be better, since it's a quasi-Newton method that can handle box constraints. However, the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a sequential quadratic programming method that can handle constraints.

Alternatively, using the 'SLSQP' method with adjusted parameters.

Also, the code uses a differential evolution with popsize=30 and maxiter=30. Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow more thorough exploration, but again, within the time budget.

Another thing to note: the code uses 'np.correlate' to compute the cross-correlation. But the accuracy of this depends on the method. Maybe using a more accurate method, like using the FFT-based convolution for faster and more accurate computation. However, the current code uses the numpy correlate function which is straightforward, but may not be the most accurate. However, since we're working with discrete samples, this is acceptable.

But perhaps there's a way to compute the cross-correlation more accurately. Alternatively, the code could precompute all possible shifts and their corresponding integrals, but that's already what the np.correlate does.

Hmm. So, the main idea is to optimize the function h to minimize the maximum cross-correlation with itself, given the integral constraint. The previous code tries various optimization methods, but perhaps there's a way to make it more efficient or effective.

Another possible improvement: since the problem is symmetric, maybe the optimal function h has certain symmetries. For example, if the function is symmetric around 1.0, then shifting by 1.0 would be a symmetry. However, without knowing the exact properties, it's hard to implement.

Alternatively, the code could use a more sophisticated search strategy, like Bayesian optimization, which could balance exploration and exploitation. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming, especially within the 100-second budget.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method with a better optimization algorithm. For example, using the Adam optimizer, but that would require differentiating the objective function. However, the objective function is the maximum of several correlated values, which might not be differentiable. Therefore, using a gradient-based method might not be straightforward.

Another idea: since the maximum is a non-smooth function, perhaps using a smooth approximation to the maximum. For example, replacing the max with a soft maximum using the exponential function. However, this could complicate the optimization, but it might allow the use of gradient-based methods.

But this might not be practical within the time constraints. Moreover, the current code uses a direct optimization of the maximum, which is the correct approach.

So, perhaps the best path is to adjust the parameters of the existing optimization steps to allow for better convergence. For example, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step, or using a different method.

Alternatively, combining multiple optimization steps in a more efficient way. For example, after using differential evolution to find a good candidate, then using SLSQP to refine it further.

Another thought: the previous code uses generate_regular and generate_random as initial guesses. Maybe generating more initial guesses based on patterns that are better suited for minimizing the overlap. For example, using a binary pattern where the 1s are spaced at intervals that accommodate the integral constraint.

Wait, given that the integral is 1, and the length is 2, the average value of h is 0.5. Therefore, the number of 1s in h is (n_points / 2), since sum(h) * dx = 1 => sum(h) = n_points / 2. So if the initial_h_values has 22 or 23 1s, that's correct.

But perhaps a better way to arrange those 1s is to spread them out as evenly as possible. For example, placing them at positions that are equally spaced. The previous code tries generating regular patterns, which is good, but maybe varying the number of 1s could help.

But the user's initial_h_values is a specific pattern. Maybe by generating more such structured patterns, we can find a better starting point.

In any case, the main challenge is to find a way to improve the existing code's approach. Perhaps focusing on using more efficient optimization steps, adjusting the parameters, and exploring different initial guesses.

Another idea: the code currently uses different optimization methods for the initial steps, but perhaps removing some steps and focusing on more effective ones. For example, using differential evolution with more parameters before refining.

Alternatively, using the initial guess and several other structured guesses, and then using the differential evolution to explore the space more thoroughly.

In the previous code, after using SLSQP on the initial guesses, it then uses differential evolution, and then refines with Nelder-Mead. Maybe this could be optimized by running the differential evolution for longer, or using a different population size, and then using SLSQP to further refine the best solution.

Another thing to consider: the time budget is 100 seconds. The previous code runs for 100 seconds, but it's possible that some steps take longer than others. For example, the code includes a loop that runs for 2 iterations of differential evolution, then another 2 iterations of refinement. Perhaps increasing the number of iterations or changing the steps could help.

But without knowing the exact computational time per iteration, it's hard to adjust. However, the code as written may be sufficient, but perhaps tweaking the parameters could lead to better results.

For instance, in the differential evolution step, increasing the mutation and recombination parameters might help explore the search space better. Or using a different mutation strategy.

Another thing: in the code, the initial guess is the initial_h_values, then the regular and random guesses. Maybe generating more structured initial guesses could be beneficial. For example, generating a pattern where the 1s are placed in a way that they are spread out, such as a binary pattern with equal spacing.

But how to implement that? For example, placing the 1s at positions i * dx, where dx = 2/n_points, and i ranges from 0 to some interval.

Alternatively, using a greedy algorithm to place the 1s. For example, placing them one by one, ensuring that the overlap with previous placements is minimized. But this would require a separate method.

However, implementing a greedy algorithm might be time-consuming, and the initial code's approach is already complex.

Given all these considerations, the main idea is to refine the existing code's approach by possibly adjusting the optimization parameters, increasing the number of iterations, using better initial guesses, and/or trying different optimization methods.

Looking back at the previous code, one possible improvement is to use a more efficient local optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method with the box constraints and checking if it can find a better solution than SLSQP. Alternatively, using a combination of methods.

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Perhaps using a different local optimizer, like COBYLA or SLSQP, might yield better results.

Another thought: the code uses the constraint_sum as the equality constraint, which is correctly implemented. Perhaps tightening the constraints or modifying the objective function could help, but I'm not sure.

In conclusion, to improve the existing code, the plan is:

1. Generate a variety of structured initial guesses (regular, random, and others).
2. Use multiple optimization methods with adjusted parameters (more iterations, better tolerances).
3. Focus on refining the best solution found using different local optimizers.
4. Ensure that the code stays within the time budget by efficiently managing the steps.

So, the code should start with the initial_h_values, generate some structured patterns, apply differential evolution with adjusted parameters, and then refine the best solution found using other methods. Also, possibly using more initial guesses.

Now, translating this into code. The previous code uses several optimization steps. To improve it, perhaps using more initial guesses, increasing the number of iterations, or adjusting the parameters.

But since the user wants the code to be concise and fit in the token limit, I need to make sure that the code is as compact as possible.

The key is to structure the code to generate a few different initial guesses, apply differential evolution with appropriate parameters, and refine with local optimizers. Also, ensuring that the code doesn't take too long.

Another possible improvement is to use the 'SLSQP' method with a higher number of iterations, or to use the 'BFGS' method if possible, but considering the constraints.

In code, the changes could be:

- Use more structured initial guesses (like regular, random, and some others).
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Refine the best solution found with more refined methods.

Now, let's think about how to write the code.

The previous code uses generate_regular and generate_random. Perhaps generating more structured initial guesses, like using a binary pattern with specific intervals.

But time is limited. So, perhaps the code can be adjusted to include more initial guesses generated in different ways, or to use a different method for the initial steps.

Another thing to note: the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation. Since the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts, but the maximum is the one that needs to be minimized. To ensure that the optimization is working on the correct objective, the code correctly computes the max.

So, the code's structure is mostly correct, but to improve it, perhaps:

- Use more initial guesses.
- Increase the number of iterations in the optimization steps.
- Use better optimization methods for the refinement steps.

But given the time constraints, the code must remain efficient. Perhaps the best approach is to use differential evolution with a larger population size and more iterations, then refine with a more precise method.

Another thought: the initial code uses generate_regular(22) and generate_regular(23). Maybe generating regular patterns with different spacing. For example, generating patterns with more than two points.

But the code already tries that. Alternatively, generating patterns based on other criteria, like spacing that minimizes overlap for certain shifts.

But again, without knowing the exact pattern, it's hard to implement. So, sticking with the previous approach but improving the parameters.

Another idea: using a different initial guess for the optimization steps. For example, the initial_h_values may be a good starting point, but other patterns could be better. So, trying a few different structured guesses.

Now, putting all this into code. The main changes would be in the generation of initial guesses and the optimization parameters.

Perhaps, for example, increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution step, using a larger population size, and/or adjusting the mutation rate and recombination. Also, using more refinement steps.

But to keep the code concise, it's better to implement a few key improvements.

In conclusion, the code should:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Generate several structured initial guesses (regular, random, maybe others).
- Apply differential evolution with adjusted parameters.
- Refine the best solution found using SLSQP or other methods.
- Ensure the code runs within the time budget.

So, the final code would be an optimized version of the previous code, with possibly improved parameters and/or initial guesses.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_vals):
        corr = np.correlate(h_vals, 1 - h_vals, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_vals):
        return np.sum(h_vals) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = h.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def generate_regular(m):
        positions = np.linspace(0, 2, m, endpoint=False)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for x in positions:
            idx = int(x / dx)
            if idx < n_points:
                h[idx] = 1.0
        return h
    
    def generate_random(ones):
        idx = np.random.choice(n_points, ones, replace=False)
        h = np.zeros(n_points)
        h[idx] = 1.0
        return h
    
    guesses = [h, generate_regular(22), generate_regular(23), generate_random(22), generate_random(23)]
    
    for guess in guesses:
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, guess, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'maxiter': 150, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
        if res.success and objective(res.x) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(res.x)
            best_h = res.x
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 20:
            break
        res = optimize.differential_evolution(objective, bounds, popsize=30, maxiter=40,
                                             mutation=(0.6, 0.9), recombination=0.8, tol=1e-9)
        if res.success:
            res_slsqp = optimize.minimize(objective, res.x, method='SLSQP', bounds=bounds,
                                         constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                                         options={'maxiter': 60, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10})
            if res_slsqp.success and objective(res_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(res_slsqp.x)
                best_h = res_slsqp.x
    
    def refine_with_neldermead(h_init):
        res = optimize.minimize(objective, h_init, method='Nelder-Mead', bounds=bounds,
                               constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                               options={'xatol': 1e-9, 'fatol': 1e-9, 'maxiter': 30})
        return res.x if res.success else h_init
    
    for _ in range(2):
        if time.time() - start_time >= budget_s - 10:
            break
        best_h = refine_with_neldermead(best_h)
        if objective(best_h) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```