<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and we need to get it down to around 0.380876. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with an initial guess of 42 points. However, the result wasn't sufficient. The user mentioned that starting from the initial construction might lead to local optima, so exploring different starting points or methods could help.

Let me think about possible improvements. The initial code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=42). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a better approximation, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. However, with more points, the optimization might be more precise. But since the time budget is tight (100 seconds), maybe a balance is needed.

Another thought: the current approach uses a single optimization run. Maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method, like a genetic algorithm or simulated annealing, could escape local minima. However, the user's code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe combining with a global optimization strategy could help.

Wait, the problem mentions that the user can use scipy, numpy, and other solvers like CVXOPT, Gurobi, etc. But the previous code uses SLSQP. Maybe trying a different solver, like COBYLA or another method, could yield better results. However, the constraints here are a single equality constraint (sum h = n_points/2) and bounds on each h[i]. 

Another idea: the current objective function computes the maximum of the cross-correlation. Perhaps the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation. However, the cross-correlation is computed over all shifts k. So, for each shift k, the integral is the overlap between h and 1-h shifted by k. 

But how to model this in optimization? The previous approach uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, the cross-correlation for different k's might have different values, and the maximum is what's being minimized. 

Maybe the problem can be transformed into a minimax problem. But how to handle that in optimization? The current approach uses a scalar objective function that's the maximum of the cross-correlation values. That's correct, but perhaps there's a way to model it more efficiently.

Another angle: the cross-correlation can be thought of as the integral over x of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. For different k's, this integral varies. The maximum over k is what we need to minimize. 

But how to handle this in optimization? The previous code computes the cross-correlation for all k and takes the maximum. That's correct. However, maybe there's a way to model this more effectively, such as using a different parameterization or exploiting symmetry.

The initial code uses 42 points. Maybe trying a different number of points could help. For example, using 64 points might allow for a more precise function, but the time might be a constraint. However, the user says smaller sequences are preferred, so maybe 42 is okay. But perhaps trying a different number of points, like 64, could yield better results.

Another thought: the initial guess might be suboptimal. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. Maybe generating a better initial guess could help. For example, using a more uniform distribution or a pattern that's known to have good overlap properties.

Wait, the Erdős problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap. So the optimal h should be such that it's as spread out as possible, avoiding overlaps. For example, a step function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a way that minimizes the overlap when shifted.

But how to model that? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, if the function h is designed to have certain periodicity, the overlaps for different shifts could be minimized. 

Another idea: the problem resembles the "covering" problem, where we want to cover the interval [0,2] with h(x) such that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. 

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? The current approach is to use numerical optimization with a step function. Perhaps trying different parameterizations, such as using a piecewise constant function with more segments, or using a different structure.

Alternatively, considering that the cross-correlation is maximized for certain shifts, maybe we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum of several expressions. However, this is a minimax problem, which is challenging for standard optimization solvers.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can use a penalty method. For example, adding a penalty term to the objective function that penalizes large overlaps. However, the current code already uses the maximum overlap as the objective, which is correct.

Wait, the previous code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values multiplied by dx. That's correct because the integral is approximated by the sum over the samples multiplied by dx. So the code is accurate in that aspect.

But perhaps the optimization method can be improved. For example, using a more robust optimization algorithm that can handle the non-convexity of the problem. The SLSQP method might get stuck in local minima. Maybe using a different solver, like the Nelder-Mead simplex method, or a genetic algorithm, could find better solutions.

But the user has access to various solvers. For example, using the 'SLSQP' method with tighter tolerances, or using a different solver like 'COBYLA' which handles bounds well. However, the previous code already uses SLSQP. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance could help.

Another idea: the initial guess might be too simple. The initial_h_values could be a simple step function, but perhaps a more sophisticated initial guess could lead to better results. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, using a randomized initial guess, perhaps with a seed based on the given seed. But the user's code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe generating multiple initial guesses and running the optimization from each could help find a better solution.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, running multiple optimizations might be feasible. However, the code as written only runs a single optimization. Maybe parallelizing the optimization runs could help, but the user has 10 CPUs available. However, the code is supposed to be a single function, so parallelization might not be straightforward.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=42). Maybe increasing the number of points could allow for a more precise function, leading to a better bound. However, with more points, the optimization might take longer. But given the time budget, perhaps trying a higher n_points is worth it.

Wait, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for faster optimization. So maybe 42 is acceptable, but perhaps trying a different n_points, like 64, could allow for a better solution. However, the time might be a constraint. Let's think: with 42 points, each optimization run takes some time. If we increase n_points to 64, the number of variables increases, which might make the optimization slower. But perhaps the improvement in the bound justifies the extra time.

Alternatively, maybe using a different approach, such as a genetic algorithm, which can explore the search space more thoroughly. However, implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming, and the user has access to existing solvers.

Another idea: the problem can be rephrased as minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation. Perhaps using a different parameterization for h. For example, instead of using a step function with fixed intervals, using a more flexible parameterization. However, since the problem requires a step function (discretized samples), this might not be applicable.

Wait, the problem states that h is a step function represented by n_points samples. So the function is piecewise constant, with each interval between samples being a constant value. So the current approach is correct in that sense.

Another possible improvement: the current code uses the maximum of the cross-correlation values. However, perhaps the maximum occurs at specific shifts. For example, if we can find the shifts that are most critical, we could focus the optimization on those. But how to determine which shifts are important?

Alternatively, maybe we can model the problem as minimizing the maximum of several expressions, each corresponding to a specific shift. However, this is a minimax problem, which is challenging for standard optimization methods.

Another angle: the integral ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx can be rewritten as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Since ∫ h(x) dx is 1, this becomes 1 - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. Therefore, the overlap integral is 1 minus the integral of the product of h and its shifted version. So, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx over k. 

But this might not directly help with the optimization. However, it's an interesting observation. The problem becomes maximizing the minimum of the cross-correlation of h with itself, but I'm not sure if that helps.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation. In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are used to minimize interference. Perhaps techniques from that field could be applied here. For example, using a sequence with low autocorrelation, such as a Barker code or a binary sequence with minimal autocorrelation. However, these are typically for binary sequences, and the problem here allows for any step function between 0 and 1.

But maybe using a binary sequence (h(x) is 0 or 1) could be a starting point. However, the current problem allows h(x) to be any value between 0 and 1. So perhaps allowing h(x) to take more values could lead to better results.

But the initial code uses a step function with n_points samples. So perhaps the key is to find the optimal step function that balances the overlaps for all shifts.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0,2], the shifts k can be in the range [-2, 2], but the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts. However, the code uses the full mode of numpy.correlate, which computes the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. 

But perhaps the maximum occurs for certain shifts. For example, when k is such that the shifted function overlaps with the original function in a way that maximizes the product. So, if we can find the shifts that are most critical, we can focus the optimization on those.

However, without knowing which shifts are critical, this might not be feasible. 

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with a fixed number of points. The initial guess is given by initial_h_values. The problem is that the initial guess might not be optimal, leading to a suboptimal solution. 

So, perhaps the way to improve is to use a better initial guess. For example, generating a more optimal initial guess based on some heuristic. For instance, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlaps. 

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a certain structure. For example, generating a random step function that satisfies the integral constraint and then optimizing from there. 

But how to generate such a guess? One approach is to use a random permutation of the samples, ensuring that the sum is correct. However, this might not be efficient. 

Another idea: the optimal function might have a certain symmetry. For example, if the function is symmetric around 1, then shifting by 1 might have some properties. However, this is speculative.

Alternatively, considering that the interval is [0,2], maybe the function can be designed to have certain periodicity. For example, if the function is periodic with period 1, then shifts by 1 would have some relation. 

But again, this is just brainstorming. 

Another possible improvement is to increase the number of points. Let's consider that the previous code uses 42 points. Maybe increasing to 64 or 128 points could allow for a more precise function, leading to a better bound. However, with more points, the optimization might take longer. 

But given the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps trying a higher n_points is feasible. For example, if the previous code with 42 points took 50 seconds, then increasing to 64 points might take longer, but maybe the improvement in the bound justifies it.

Alternatively, perhaps using a lower number of points but with a better optimization method. 

Another idea: using a different optimization method. For example, instead of SLSQP, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. However, the current code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. 

Alternatively, using a more robust optimization method with multiple restarts. For example, running the optimization from multiple initial guesses and choosing the best result. 

But how to generate multiple initial guesses? One approach is to use a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. For example, generating random values between 0 and 1, then scaling them to meet the sum requirement. 

However, this might not be efficient. 

Another thought: the problem is non-convex, and the current approach might get stuck in local minima. To mitigate this, perhaps using a global optimization method. However, the user has access to solvers like COBYLA, which is a local optimizer. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch would take time. However, the user can use scipy's optimization functions. 

Wait, the user can use any of the solvers listed, including COBYLA, SLSQP, etc. Maybe trying a different solver could help. For example, using the 'Nelder-Mead' simplex method, which doesn't require gradients and might explore the search space better. 

But the previous code uses SLSQP. Let me think about the parameters. The current code has a maxiter of 100. Maybe increasing the maxiter could allow for better convergence. 

Alternatively, using a more precise tolerance. The current code has ftol=1e-8. Maybe adjusting this could help. 

Another idea: the cross-correlation is computed for all shifts, and the maximum is taken. However, perhaps the maximum occurs for a specific shift. For example, if we can find the shift that gives the maximum overlap, we could focus the optimization on that. But how to determine which shift is critical?

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can monitor the maximum value and adjust the parameters accordingly. 

But this is getting a bit abstract. Let's think about practical steps. 

The previous code uses 42 points. Let's consider increasing the number of points to 64. This would give more flexibility in the function shape, potentially leading to a better bound. However, the optimization might take longer. 

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps it's feasible. Let's estimate: for 42 points, the optimization takes some time. For 64 points, the number of variables increases, which might slow down the optimization. However, if the improvement in the bound is significant, it might be worth it. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess based on some heuristic. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, arranged to minimize overlaps. 

For example, if the function is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, such that shifting by certain amounts would minimize the overlap. For instance, a function that is 1 on [0, 0.5], [1.0, 1.5], and 0 elsewhere. This would have a certain periodicity. 

But how to translate this into a step function with n_points samples? It depends on the number of points. 

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated initial guess, such as a function that is 1 in certain regions and 0 in others, but with more intervals. 

But without knowing the exact structure of the optimal function, it's hard to say. 

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed initial guess. Maybe using a random initial guess with the same sum constraint could lead to better results. For example, generating a random array of values between 0 and 1, then scaling it to meet the sum requirement. 

But how to do that? For example, generate random values, then normalize them so that their sum is n_points / 2. 

This could be done as follows: generate h_initial as random values between 0 and 1, then compute the sum, and scale each element by (n_points / 2) / sum(h_initial). 

But this might lead to some values exceeding 1.0, which is not allowed. So perhaps generating values between 0 and 1, then scaling them down. 

Alternatively, generate values between 0 and 1, and then use a method to adjust them to meet the sum constraint. 

But this is getting complicated. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 in the first half of the interval and 0 in the second half. This would have a sum of n_points/2 if the first half has n_points/2 points. 

But for even n_points, this would work. For example, if n_points is 42, then the first 21 points are 1, and the rest are 0. This would give sum h = 21, which equals 42/2 = 21. 

But this initial guess might not be optimal. However, trying it could be a way to see if it leads to better results. 

Alternatively, using a more balanced initial guess, such as a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others, but arranged to minimize overlaps. 

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative. 

Another possible improvement: the current code uses a single optimization run. Maybe running multiple optimization runs with different initial guesses and selecting the best result. 

For example, generating several initial guesses (e.g., random, based on some pattern), running the optimization from each, and choosing the one with the lowest C5 bound. 

But with the time budget, this might be feasible. 

However, the user's code is supposed to be a single function. So, perhaps the code can generate multiple initial guesses and run the optimization from each, then return the best result. 

But this would require more time. For example, if we run 5 optimization runs, each taking 20 seconds, that's 100 seconds. 

But how to implement this? 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method that can handle the problem better. 

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several expressions. This is a minimax problem. One approach to handle this is to use a convex relaxation, but I'm not sure if that's applicable here. 

Alternatively, using a penalty method where the objective function is the maximum of the cross-correlation values plus a penalty for violating the constraints. However, the current code already uses the maximum as the objective. 

Another thought: the cross-correlation for different shifts can be approximated using the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT). However, I'm not sure how that would help with the optimization. 

But perhaps using FFT could speed up the computation of the cross-correlation. However, the current code uses numpy.correlate, which is already efficient. 

Another possible optimization: precomputing the shifts that are most likely to contribute to the maximum overlap. For example, if the maximum overlap occurs for shifts near certain values, we can focus the optimization on those. 

But without knowing which shifts are critical, this is difficult. 

In summary, the possible improvements are:

1. Increase the number of points (n_points) to allow for a more precise function.
2. Use a better initial guess, such as a random or structured initial guess.
3. Use a different optimization method or adjust the parameters of the current method.
4. Run multiple optimization runs with different initial guesses and select the best result.
5. Explore different parameterizations or heuristics for the function h.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to increase the number of points and use a better initial guess. 

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Increase n_points to, say, 64. This allows for a more detailed function.
- Use a better initial guess. For example, generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint.
- Use the same optimization method (SLSQP) with adjusted parameters, such as increasing the number of iterations or adjusting the tolerance.
- Run the optimization once, or multiple times with different initial guesses if time permits.

But since the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred, maybe 42 is still acceptable. However, the current code's result wasn't sufficient. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals and 0 in others. For example, a function that is 1 in the first half of the interval and 0 in the second half. 

But how to implement that? For example, for n_points=42, the first 21 points are 1, and the rest are 0. This would satisfy the sum constraint. 

But this might not be optimal. However, trying it could be a way to see if it leads to a better result. 

Another idea: use a function that is 1 in intervals of length 1/3, spaced apart. For example, if the interval is [0,2], then dividing it into three parts. 

But again, without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative. 

Another approach: the previous code uses the initial_h_values provided. Maybe that initial guess is not optimal. Perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more sophisticated method, such as a binary sequence with low autocorrelation. 

For example, using a Barker code, which has minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific lengths. 

But for the given problem, using a binary sequence might not be optimal, but it's worth trying. 

Alternatively, using a random binary sequence that satisfies the sum constraint. 

But again, this is just brainstorming. 

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Increase the number of points to 64 to allow for a more precise function.
- Use a better initial guess, such as a random one or a structured one.
- Use the SLSQP method with adjusted parameters (like more iterations or tighter tolerances).
- Run the optimization and return the best result.

Now, implementing this in code. Let's outline the code steps:

1. Define the run function with parameters seed, budget_s, etc.
2. Set n_points to 64 (or another value).
3. Generate an initial guess. For example, a random array with values between 0 and 1, scaled to meet the sum constraint.
4. Define the objective function as before.
5. Set up constraints and bounds.
6. Run the optimization with SLSQP, possibly with more iterations.
7. Check the elapsed time and return the best result.

But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. So maybe 42 is better. However, the previous result was not sufficient. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, using a function that is 1 in certain intervals. 

But without knowing the optimal structure, it's hard to say. 

Another idea: the current code uses the initial_h_values provided. If that's not optimal, perhaps generating a better initial guess by using a more uniform distribution. For example, distributing the 1s and 0s more evenly. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 for a fraction of the interval and 0 otherwise, but with a more optimal fraction. 

But again, this is speculative. 

In the end, the best approach might be to increase the number of points and use a better initial guess, then optimize. 

So, let's proceed with writing the code. Let's set n_points to 64. Generate a random initial guess. 

But how to generate a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint? 

For example:

import numpy as np

n_points = 64
h_initial = np.random.rand(n_points)
h_initial = h_initial / np.sum(h_initial) * (n_points / 2)

But this could lead to values exceeding 1.0. To avoid that, we can generate values between 0 and 1, then scale them. 

Alternatively, generate a random array of 0s and 1s, then scale to meet the sum constraint. 

But for a more general approach, perhaps generate a random array between 0 and 1, then scale it to meet the sum constraint. 

But to ensure that values don't exceed 1.0, we can generate values between 0 and 1, then scale them. 

For example:

h_initial = np.random.rand(n_points)
h_initial = h_initial / np.sum(h_initial) * (n_points / 2)

But this could lead to some values exceeding 1.0. To avoid that, perhaps generate values between 0 and 1, then scale them down. 

Alternatively, generate a random array with values between 0 and 1, then normalize it. 

But this might not be efficient. 

Alternatively, use a more structured initial guess. For example, a function that is 1 in the first half and 0 in the second. 

But for n_points=64, this would be 32 ones and 32 zeros. 

But this might not be optimal. 

In any case, the code would need to generate an initial guess. 

So, putting it all together, the code would look like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Set n_points to a higher value
    n_points = 64
    # Generate initial guess
    np.random.seed(seed)
    h_initial = np.random.rand(n_points)
    # Scale to meet the sum constraint
    h_initial = h_initial / np.sum(h_initial) * (n_points / 2)
    # Ensure values are within [0, 1]
    h_initial = np.clip(h_initial, 0.0, 1.0)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Objective function
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraints: sum(h) == n_points / 2
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - n_points / 2})
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    # Start optimization
    start_time = time.time()
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        h_initial,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 200}
    )
    
    # Check if we ran out of time
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed >= budget_s:
        return h_initial, evaluate_erdos_solution(h_initial), n_points
    
    h_values = result.x
    c5_bound = result.fun
    return h_values, c5_bound, n_points

But there are a few issues here. For example, the initial guess might have values exceeding 1.0 after scaling. The np.clip ensures that they are within [0,1]. However, this might not be necessary if the initial guess is generated properly. 

Another issue is that the initial guess might not satisfy the sum constraint exactly. The code scales it to meet the sum, but due to floating-point precision, there might be minor errors. 

Additionally, the number of points is increased to 64, which might take more time. However, with the budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess, such as a structured one. For example, a function that is 1 in certain intervals. 

But without knowing the optimal structure, this is speculative. 

Another possible improvement is to use a different optimization method. For example, using the 'L-BFGS-B' method which is suitable for bound-constrained problems. 

But the current code uses SLSQP. 

Another idea: using a more aggressive optimization by increasing the maxiter and adjusting the tolerance. 

In the previous code, the maxiter is 100. Increasing it to 200 or more might allow for better convergence. 

Also, using a different solver, like 'COBYLA', which handles bounds well. 

But the user has access to various solvers. Let's try using 'L-BFGS-B' instead of 'SLSQP'. 

However, 'L-BFGS-B' requires the objective function to be differentiable, which it is. 

So modifying the code to use 'L-BFGS-B' might help. 

But the constraints are handled via the 'constraints' parameter. 

Alternatively, since the sum constraint is an equality constraint, perhaps it's better to handle it via the constraints. 

In any case, the code above is a starting point. 

Another possible improvement is to use multiple initial guesses. For example, generate several random initial guesses and run the optimization from each, then return the best result. 

But with the time budget, this might be feasible. 

For example, generate 5 different initial guesses, run the optimization from each, and choose the best result. 

However, this would take more time. 

But given that the user has 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the optimization runs could help. However, the code is supposed to be a single function, so parallelization might not be straightforward. 

In conclusion, the plan is to increase the number of points, use a better initial guess, and adjust the optimization parameters to achieve a better bound.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Set n_points to a higher value for better precision
    n_points = 64
    np.random.seed(seed)
    # Generate a structured initial guess with alternating 0.5 and 1.0 to balance overlaps
    h_initial = np.zeros(n_points)
    for i in range(n_points):
        h_initial[i] = 0.5 if i % 2 == 0 else 1.0
    # Normalize to meet the sum constraint
    h_initial = h_initial / np.sum(h_initial) * (n_points / 2)
    # Ensure values are within [0, 1]
    h_initial = np.clip(h_initial, 0.0, 1.0)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    
    # Objective function to minimize C5
    def objective(h):
        one_minus_h = 1.0 - h
        corr = np.correlate(h, one_minus_h, mode='full')
        max_corr = np.max(corr)
        return max_corr * dx
    
    # Constraints: sum(h) == n_points / 2
    cons = ({'type': 'eq', 'fun': lambda h: np.sum(h) - n_points / 2})
    
    # Bounds for each h[i]
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    # Start optimization
    start_time = time.time()
    result = minimize(
        objective,
        h_initial,
        method='L-BFGS-B',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=cons,
        options={'ftol': 1e-8, 'maxiter': 200}
    )
    
    # Check if we ran out of time
    elapsed = time.time() - start_time
    if elapsed >= budget_s:
        return h_initial, evaluate_erdos_solution(h_initial), n_points
    
    h_values = result.x
    c5_bound = result.fun
    return h_values, c5_bound, n_points
```