<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous program used a starting point with 42 samples and tried local optimization with perturbations, but it didn't reach the target. So I need to think of a better approach.

First, let me understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] with integral 1 that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum as small as possible.

The previous code used a local optimization approach with SLSQP, but maybe that's getting stuck in local minima. Perhaps a better approach is needed. Let's think about different strategies.

One idea is to use a more global optimization method. Maybe using genetic algorithms or simulated annealing could help escape local minima. However, those methods might be too slow given the time budget. Alternatively, maybe using a different parameterization of h could help. For example, instead of a step function with arbitrary points, maybe using a structured pattern like a periodic function or a piecewise constant function with certain symmetries.

Another observation is that the problem is similar to a covering problem. The function h is trying to cover the interval [0,2] such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. So maybe designing h to have certain regular intervals where it's 0 or 1, but arranged in a way that overlaps are minimized.

The initial solution uses 42 samples. Maybe increasing the number of samples could allow for a better approximation. However, the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. But perhaps using a higher n_points with a smarter optimization could be better.

Wait, the previous code tried perturbing the initial guess and optimizing. Maybe the initial guess isn't good enough. Perhaps starting with a different initial configuration would lead to better results. For example, using a more evenly spaced step function or one that's designed to minimize overlaps.

Another thought: the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different k. So maybe using a function that has low autocorrelation. In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are used to minimize overlap. Maybe designing h to be similar to such sequences.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a periodic function with certain properties. For example, a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged periodically. But since the domain is [0,2], maybe a function that repeats every certain interval.

Alternatively, think about dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, such that shifting by any k doesn't cause too much overlap. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced out in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much with the 1 - h regions.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem with more structure. For example, using a piecewise constant function with a certain number of segments, and optimizing the positions and widths of these segments. However, this might be complex to implement.

Alternatively, maybe using a greedy approach: start with an initial guess and iteratively improve it by adjusting segments to reduce the maximum overlap. But how to implement that?

Let me think about the previous code. It used a starting point with 42 samples, then tried local optimization with perturbations. The problem might be that the initial guess isn't optimal, and the optimization is too local. So perhaps starting with a better initial guess would help.

What's the initial_h_values? It's provided as a global variable. Maybe the initial construction isn't the best. If I can find a better starting point, that would help. For example, maybe a more balanced distribution of 0s and 1s, or a pattern that's known to have low overlap.

Another idea: since the integral of h is 1 over [0,2], the average value of h is 0.5. So maybe designing h to be 0.5 on average, but with regions where it's higher or lower. But how to structure that?

Alternatively, consider that the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the first term is the integral of h(x), which is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Therefore, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k. So the problem becomes finding h that maximizes the minimum of these cross-correlation integrals.

But how does that help? Maybe focusing on maximizing the minimum cross-correlation. However, this might not directly lead to a solution.

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function h that is as "spread out" as possible. For example, if h is a step function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart, then shifting h by k would cause overlaps only when k is small. But how to balance this?

Let me think about the current best C₅ of 0.38092. The target is 0.380876, which is very close. So perhaps a small improvement is needed. Maybe the previous approach can be modified to get better results.

The previous code used SLSQP with a starting point and perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using a different optimization method would help. Alternatively, using a different starting point.

Wait, the user mentioned that the initial_h_values is available. Maybe the initial construction is not optimal. Perhaps generating a different initial guess could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using a random perturbation, maybe use a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses. For example, using a grid search over possible configurations, but that's not feasible for large n_points.

Alternatively, use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe using a global optimization method like differential evolution could help find better solutions. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might be possible.

But how to implement that? Let me think. The differential evolution method in scipy.optimize can handle bounded optimization problems. However, the constraints here are that the sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. So maybe using a constraint in the optimization.

Wait, the previous code used a constraint for the sum. So for differential evolution, I can use the same constraint. But differential evolution might be more effective in exploring the search space.

Another point: the previous code tried 5 perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could help.

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses. For example, starting from the initial guess, and also from other structured guesses like evenly spaced steps, or a function that is 0.5 everywhere except for some regions.

But how to generate those structured guesses? For example, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/3, spaced in a way to minimize overlap. But this is just brainstorming.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that the overlap with shifted versions is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by more than a certain distance, then shifting by small k would not cause much overlap.

But how to determine the spacing? Maybe using a periodic pattern. For example, if the function h is 1 on intervals of length L, spaced periodically with period T, such that the overlap when shifted by k is minimized.

But this requires choosing L and T such that the integral of h is 1. Let's say the interval [0,2] is divided into m intervals where h is 1, each of length L. Then m*L = 2 * (average value of h). Wait, the integral of h is 1, so average value is 0.5. So m*L = 1. But if the function is periodic, maybe the spacing between the intervals is important.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function (0 or 1) with certain regions. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced apart by more than some distance, then the overlap when shifted by k would be small. However, the integral of h must be 1, so the total length of the intervals where h is 1 must be 1. So if we have m intervals of length L, then m*L = 1. The spacing between them would be the distance between the end of one interval and the start of the next. If the spacing is S, then the total length of the intervals plus the spacing must fit into [0,2]. But this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, think of h as a binary function that is 1 on certain points. For example, if we have a function that is 1 on n points, but that's not a step function. Wait, the problem requires h to be a step function, which is piecewise constant. So maybe using a binary step function (0 or 1) with certain regions.

But how to design that? For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. This seems related to the concept of a "covering code" or "error-correcting codes", where certain patterns are spaced to avoid overlaps.

But perhaps this is too abstract. Let me think of a concrete example. Suppose h is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced 0.5 apart. Then, shifting by 0.5 would cause the intervals to overlap with the 1 - h regions. But this might not be optimal.

Alternatively, using a more complex pattern. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are 1/3 of the domain, but arranged in a way that their shifted versions don't overlap much. But again, this is vague.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal h is such that all shifts k have similar overlap values. This would mean that the function h is as "balanced" as possible. So maybe designing h to be as uniform as possible, but with some variation to meet the integral constraint.

But how to translate that into a step function? Maybe using a function that is 0.5 on average, with some regions where it's higher and some where it's lower, arranged to minimize overlaps.

Alternatively, think of the problem as a game: for each possible shift k, the overlap integral is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. To minimize the maximum of these integrals, we need to make sure that for every k, this integral is as small as possible.

But how to find such a function h? It's challenging. Maybe using a numerical optimization approach with more sophisticated methods.

Back to the code. The previous code used SLSQP with a starting point and perturbations. Maybe the issue is that the starting point isn't good enough. So perhaps generating multiple different initial guesses and optimizing each one could lead to better results.

Another idea: instead of using a random perturbation, use a structured perturbation. For example, flipping certain segments of the function to 0 or 1, or adjusting their positions. However, this might be complex to implement.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method. For example, using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bounds and constraints. Or using a Bayesian optimization approach to explore the search space more effectively.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method would help. Let me think about the previous code's approach. It uses SLSQP with a starting point and perturbations. The problem might be that the initial guess is not good enough. So perhaps generating a better initial guess would help.

What's the initial_h_values? It's provided as a global variable. Maybe the initial construction isn't optimal. If I can find a better initial guess, that would help. For example, using a more evenly spaced step function.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess that is known to have good properties. For instance, a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way to minimize overlaps.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved C₅ of 0.383999, which is higher than the target. So perhaps the initial guess is not optimal.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, maybe the optimal h has certain symmetries. For example, being symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. So designing h to be symmetric might help.

But how to enforce that? It would require adding constraints to the optimization problem, which might complicate things.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize the maximum overlap integral while maintaining the integral constraint. However, this is what the current code is already doing.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed number of perturbations (5). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or varying the perturbation strategy could help. For example, using different perturbation amplitudes or directions.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated local search, like the Nelder-Mead method, which doesn't require gradients. But again, this is similar to what the previous code is doing.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to use a better initial guess. For example, instead of the initial_h_values provided, use a different construction. For example, a step function that is 1 on intervals of length 0.5, spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized.

But how to construct that? Let's think. Suppose the interval [0,2] is divided into four intervals of length 0.5 each. If h is 1 on the first and third intervals, then when shifted by 0.5, the overlap would be between the first interval and the second, and the third and fourth. But this is just a rough idea.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced such that their shifted versions don't overlap much. For example, if the intervals are spaced by more than half the length of the interval. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, think about the problem as a covering problem. The function h is trying to cover the interval [0,2] in such a way that when shifted, the overlap with 1 - h is minimized. So perhaps the optimal h is a function that is 1 on intervals that are as spread out as possible.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed.

Another idea: since the problem is similar to minimizing the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by different k, maybe using a function h that is designed to have low cross-correlation with itself. This is similar to the concept of a "low autocorrelation sequence" in signal processing.

In signal processing, sequences with low autocorrelation are used to minimize interference. For example, a Barker code has low autocorrelation. Maybe designing h to be similar to such a sequence.

But how to translate that into a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. Let's think. A Barker code for length 11 has autocorrelation values of 1 and -1. But I'm not sure how to apply this here.

Alternatively, consider that the function h is a binary sequence (0 or 1) with certain properties. For example, if h is a binary sequence with certain spacing between 1s, then shifting it would cause overlaps. But again, this is vague.

Perhaps it's better to focus on improving the existing code. The previous code uses SLSQP with a starting point and perturbations. Maybe using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, could find better solutions.

Let me think about implementing differential evolution. The differential evolution algorithm is a global optimization method that can explore the search space more thoroughly. It might be able to find better solutions than local methods.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Also, since the problem has constraints (sum of h must be exactly n_points/2), I need to handle that. Differential evolution can handle constraints by using bounds and a constraint function.

Wait, the previous code used a constraint function to enforce the sum. So for differential evolution, I can use the same constraint. However, differential evolution may require more iterations to converge, but with the time budget of 100 seconds, it might be feasible.

Another thing: the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations. Maybe using a more systematic approach with differential evolution could replace that.

So, the plan is:

1. Use a different initial guess, possibly a more structured one.
2. Use differential evolution for optimization instead of SLSQP.
3. Use a multi-start approach with different initial guesses.
4. Increase the number of iterations or adjust parameters to find better solutions.

But how to implement this in code?

Let me outline the steps:

- Define the objective function as the maximum overlap integral.
- Define the constraint that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2.
- Use differential evolution with bounds [0, 1] for each h[i].
- Run multiple optimizations with different starting points to find the best solution.

But how to generate different starting points? Maybe using the initial_h_values and some perturbations, or other structured guesses.

Alternatively, use the initial_h_values as the starting point for differential evolution.

Another point: the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations (5). Maybe using differential evolution would be more effective in exploring the search space.

So, modifying the code to use differential evolution. Let's see:

In scipy.optimize, the differential evolution function is scipy.optimize.differential_evolution. It requires the objective function, bounds, and constraints. However, handling constraints in differential evolution can be done by adding them as bounds or using a penalty method.

Wait, the constraint is that the sum of h is exactly n_points / 2. This is an equality constraint. Differential evolution can handle equality constraints by using a constraint function. However, the differential evolution function in scipy does not directly support constraints. So, perhaps using a penalty method, where the objective function is modified to include a penalty for violating the constraint.

Alternatively, since the constraint is linear, we can use a transformation to ensure that the sum is exactly n_points / 2. For example, if we have n_points variables, we can fix one variable to ensure the sum is correct. But this might complicate things.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can adjust the variables to satisfy the constraint. For example, after each evaluation of the objective function, we can adjust the variables to meet the constraint. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, use the constraint in the optimization. For example, using the SLSQP method with the constraint, but that's what the previous code did.

Hmm. Maybe differential evolution is not the best approach here. Let me think again.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a convex function? Not sure. The maximum of convex functions is convex, but the integral itself is linear. However, the maximum over k of linear functions is convex, so the objective function is convex. Therefore, the optimization problem is convex, and methods like SLSQP should find the global minimum. But if the initial guess is not good, it might get stuck in a local minimum.

Wait, but the previous code's initial guess might not be good enough. So, perhaps using a better initial guess would help.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated optimization method with better convergence properties.

But given the time constraints, maybe the best approach is to improve the existing code by using a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and/or using a better initial guess.

Another thought: the previous code used a fixed number of perturbations (5). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies could lead to better results.

Alternatively, using a more systematic approach to generate initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses with different patterns and optimizing each one.

But how to generate those patterns? For example, one could create initial guesses with different numbers of segments, or different spacing between segments.

Alternatively, using a random initial guess, but with the sum constraint enforced.

But again, this is getting complex.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps the optimal solution has a certain symmetry. For example, the function h could be symmetric around the midpoint of [0,2], which is 1. So designing h to be symmetric might help.

To enforce symmetry, we can generate h such that h[i] = h[n_points - 1 - i]. This would ensure that the function is symmetric. This could reduce the search space and potentially lead to better solutions.

So, modifying the code to generate symmetric initial guesses and enforce symmetry during optimization.

But how to implement this? For example, in the initial guess, we can generate a symmetric pattern. Then, during optimization, we can enforce that the variables are symmetric.

This would reduce the number of variables to optimize, as only half of them need to be considered. For example, for n_points even, we can optimize the first n_points/2 variables, and mirror them for the rest.

This could potentially speed up the optimization and lead to better results.

So, the plan is:

- Generate symmetric initial guesses.
- Enforce symmetry during optimization.
- Use a more effective optimization method (like differential evolution).
- Use multiple initial guesses with different symmetries.

But implementing this requires modifying the code to handle symmetric variables.

Alternatively, since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, which is symmetric in some way, the optimal h might be symmetric. So enforcing symmetry could help.

Let me try to outline the code modifications:

1. Generate an initial symmetric guess. For example, if n_points is even, create a symmetric pattern where the first half is mirrored in the second half.

2. During optimization, enforce that the variables are symmetric. This can be done by optimizing only half of the variables and mirroring them.

3. Use a more effective optimization method, like differential evolution, to explore the search space.

But how to implement this in code? Let's think.

For example, if n_points is even, then for i in 0 to n_points//2 - 1, h[i] = h[n_points - 1 - i]. So, the variables are symmetric. This reduces the number of variables to optimize by half.

But this requires modifying the code to handle this symmetry. For example, when generating the initial guess, create a symmetric pattern. Then, during optimization, only optimize the first half of the variables, and mirror them.

This would reduce the search space and potentially improve the optimization.

But how to handle this in the code? Let's think about the previous code. The initial_h_values might not be symmetric. So, generating a symmetric initial guess would be better.

So, the steps are:

- For the given n_points, create a symmetric initial guess. For example, if n_points is even, create a pattern that is symmetric around the midpoint.

- During optimization, ensure that the generated h is symmetric. This can be done by constraining the variables to be symmetric, or by optimizing only half of them.

But how to implement this in the code? For example, when generating the initial guess, create a symmetric pattern. Then, during optimization, only adjust the first half of the variables, and mirror them.

This would reduce the number of variables and make the optimization faster.

So, modifying the code to generate symmetric initial guesses and enforce symmetry during optimization.

Another idea: the current code uses a fixed number of samples (n_points = len(initial_h_values)). But the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred. However, the initial_h_values has 42 samples. Maybe using a larger n_points could allow for a better approximation, but with the time budget, it's better to keep n_points small.

But the user said that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. So perhaps using n_points=42 is acceptable.

Putting it all together, here's the plan for the new code:

- Use a symmetric initial guess, generated in a way that balances the integral constraint.
- Use a more effective optimization method, like differential evolution, to explore the search space.
- Enforce the symmetry constraint during optimization.
- Use multiple initial guesses with different patterns to avoid local minima.
- Track the best solution found within the time budget.

Now, implementing this in code.

First, generating a symmetric initial guess. For example, for n_points=42, create a symmetric pattern where the first half is mirrored in the second half. To satisfy the integral constraint, the sum of h must be 42/2 = 21. So, the sum of the first half (21 points) should be 21/2 = 10.5, and the mirrored part would add another 10.5, totaling 21.

So, for the symmetric initial guess, generate a pattern for the first half, then mirror it. For example, if the first half has certain values, the second half is the same in reverse.

But how to generate this pattern? Maybe using a simple pattern, like a step function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged symmetrically.

Alternatively, use a random symmetric initial guess, ensuring the sum constraint.

But for the initial guess, perhaps a simple symmetric pattern would be better. For example, if the first half has a certain number of 1s and 0s, mirrored in the second half.

But this is getting too vague. Perhaps using a random symmetric initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint.

But for the code, perhaps the initial guess can be generated as follows:

- For the first half of the points, generate random values between 0 and 1, ensuring that the sum of the first half is 10.5 (for n_points=42). Then mirror them.

But this would require generating a random initial guess that satisfies the sum constraint. However, this might be time-consuming.

Alternatively, use a simple symmetric pattern. For example, set h[i] = 0.5 for all i, then adjust certain points to make the sum correct. But this would not be symmetric.

Alternatively, use a step function that is symmetric. For example, set h to 1 on the first 10 points and 0 on the next 10, then mirror. But this would have a sum of 10, which is not enough. Need to adjust.

This is getting too complex. Perhaps the best approach is to use the initial_h_values provided, but generate symmetric versions of it.

But since the initial_h_values is provided, perhaps the code can generate a symmetric version of it.

Alternatively, generate a symmetric initial guess by mirroring the initial_h_values.

But without knowing the initial_h_values, it's hard to say. However, the user says that the initial_h_values are available as a global variable.

Assuming that the initial_h_values is a list of 42 values, then a symmetric version would be h[i] = initial_h_values[i] for i < 21, and h[41 - i] = initial_h_values[i] for i < 21. But this would create a symmetric function.

But this might not satisfy the sum constraint. So, need to adjust it.

Alternatively, create a symmetric initial guess by mirroring the initial_h_values and then adjusting the sum.

But this is getting too involved.

Perhaps the best way is to proceed with the previous code but modify it to use a symmetric initial guess and differential evolution.

So, modifying the code as follows:

- Use a symmetric initial guess.
- Use differential evolution instead of SLSQP.
- Enforce the symmetry constraint during optimization.

But how to implement this in code.

Another idea: since the problem is symmetric, the maximum overlap integral for k and 2 - k would be the same. So, optimizing for symmetry could help.

But this is getting too abstract. Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to modify the previous code to use a different optimization method, like differential evolution, and see if it improves the result.

So, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Use differential evolution to optimize the function.
- Enforce the sum constraint.
- Track the best solution found.

But how to handle the constraint in differential evolution. Since differential evolution doesn't directly support constraints, perhaps use a penalty method. The objective function would be the maximum overlap integral plus a penalty term for violating the sum constraint.

Alternatively, use the SLSQP method with the constraint, which is what the previous code did. But the previous code used SLSQP with perturbations, which might not be sufficient.

Another idea: use the SLSQP method but with more iterations and better initial guesses.

But the previous code already tried perturbations. Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using different perturbation strategies.

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method with better convergence.

In conclusion, the plan is to modify the previous code to use a more effective optimization method, such as differential evolution, and/or generate better initial guesses. However, due to time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to use the previous code but with some modifications to improve the optimization process.

Another possible improvement is to use a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of using a step function with arbitrary values, use a function that is a combination of certain basis functions, such as Fourier series or wavelets. However, this might complicate the implementation.

Given the time, I'll proceed with modifying the previous code to use differential evolution and a better initial guess.

So, the new code would:

- Use the initial_h_values as a starting point.
- Use differential evolution with bounds and a constraint on the sum.
- Use multiple initial guesses with different perturbations.
- Track the best solution found.

But how to implement this in code.

Alternatively, use the previous code but with more iterations and better perturbations.

But I'm not sure. Given the time, perhaps the best approach is to proceed with the previous code but with some modifications, such as increasing the number of perturbations or using a different optimization method.

But given the previous code's result of 0.383999, which is higher than the target, I need to find a way to improve it.

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed number of perturbations (5). Maybe increasing the number of perturbations or using a different strategy for generating perturbations could help. For example, using larger perturbations or different directions.

Alternatively, using a more sophisticated local search, like the Nelder-Mead method.

But again, this is similar to what the previous code is doing.

Another thought: the overlap integral is computed as the maximum of the correlate result. The correlate function in numpy computes the full correlation, which for a given h and 1-h, gives the correlation for all possible shifts. The maximum of these values multiplied by dx is C5.

So, the objective function is to minimize this maximum value.

To improve the optimization, perhaps using a more efficient way to compute the objective function, or using a better optimization method.

In conclusion, the previous code might be stuck in a local minimum. To escape it, using a different initial guess or a different optimization method is needed. Given the time, I'll proceed to modify the previous code to use differential evolution and a better initial guess.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution, minimize
from scipy.signal import correlate

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    # Use the initial_h_values as a starting point
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    h_initial = initial_h_values.copy()

    def objective(h):
        # Compute the full correlation between h and 1 - h
        corr = correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        # Find the maximum value and scale by dx
        max_corr = np.max(corr) * dx
        return max_corr

    def constraint(h):
        # Ensure the integral of h is 1
        return np.sum(h) - n_points / 2

    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]

    # Define a function to optimize with differential evolution
    def optimize(starting_h):
        # Use differential evolution with bounds and constraint
        result = differential_evolution(
            objective,
            bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint}],
            strategy='best1bin',
            maxiter=100,
            popsize=15,
            tol=1e-6,
            mutation=(0.5, 1),
            recombination=0.8,
            seed=seed
        )
        if result.success:
            return result.x, result.fun
        else:
            return starting_h, objective(starting_h)

    # Initial optimization
    best_h, best_c5 = optimize(h_initial)

    # Perturb and optimize multiple times
    for _ in range(5):
        # Generate a random perturbation
        perturbation = np.random.uniform(-0.1, 0.1, size=n_points)
        perturbed_h = h_initial + perturbation
        perturbed_h = np.clip(perturbed_h, 0.0, 1.0)
        # Adjust to meet the integral constraint
        current_sum = np.sum(perturbed_h)
        target_sum = n_points / 2
        scale = target_sum / current_sum
        perturbed_h *= scale
        # Optimize the perturbed guess
        h_perturbed, c5_perturbed = optimize(perturbed_h)
        if c5_perturbed < best_c5:
            best_h, best_c5 = h_perturbed, c5_perturbed

    # Return the best solution found
    return (best_h, best_c5, n_points)
```