<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is 0.38092, and the target is 0.380876. The previous approach used SLSQP optimization with an initial guess of 80 points. But maybe there's a better way.

First, I should understand the problem again. The goal is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. The discretization uses n_points samples, and the sum of h must be n_points / 2.

The previous code used a perturbation approach around the initial guess, but maybe that's not sufficient. Maybe a different optimization strategy or a better initial guess could help. Also, the previous code used 80 points, but perhaps using more points could lead to better results, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, maybe with some smart optimization, even with 80 points, we can find a better solution.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous program achieved C₅ bound of 0.383230, and the target is 0.380876. So there's room for improvement. Let me think about possible strategies.

One idea is to use a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, but maybe using a genetic algorithm or another global optimization method could escape local minima. However, given the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, maybe a more efficient approach is better.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different parameterization of the function h. For example, instead of a step function with arbitrary values, maybe using a piecewise constant function with certain symmetry or structure. For instance, maybe using a periodic pattern or a specific arrangement of 0s and 1s that minimizes overlap.

Another thought: the overlap integral can be seen as the maximum correlation between h and 1 - h shifted by k. So, minimizing the maximum correlation. This is similar to designing a function that has low autocorrelation, but here it's cross-correlation with 1 - h.

In signal processing, low autocorrelation sequences are important, like in radar or communications. Maybe techniques from those fields could be applied here. For example, using a Barker code, which has minimal autocorrelation. However, Barker codes are binary and have specific lengths. But our problem is more general since h can take any values between 0 and 1, not just 0 and 1.

Alternatively, maybe using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, if h is 1 on intervals that are spaced out, then shifting it would cause less overlap with 1 - h. But how to arrange this optimally?

Another approach is to consider the problem as an optimization problem with constraints. The previous code used SLSQP with equality constraints. Maybe adding more constraints or using a different optimization method could help. For example, using a gradient-based method with better initial guesses.

Wait, the initial guess is provided via initial_h_values. Maybe that's not the best starting point. Perhaps generating multiple initial guesses with different structures could lead to better results. For example, starting with a random permutation of 0s and 1s that satisfies the sum constraint, or using a more structured approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a different discretization. The previous code uses n_points=80. Maybe trying with n_points=100 or 120 could give better results, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, with 80 points, maybe there's a way to optimize more effectively.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess, maybe using a more systematic approach to generate initial points. For example, using a grid search over certain parameters, or using a heuristic to construct h.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum of the integrals. So, it's a minimax problem. Maybe using a bilevel optimization approach, where we optimize h to minimize the maximum integral. However, solving such problems is computationally intensive.

Alternatively, perhaps using a greedy approach: iteratively adjust h to reduce the maximum integral. For example, find the k that gives the highest integral, then adjust h to reduce that integral, and repeat. But this might get stuck in local minima.

Another thought: since the integral is over the overlap, maybe we can model this as a convex optimization problem. However, the max over k of the integral is a non-convex function, making it challenging. But perhaps using some approximation or relaxation.

Alternatively, considering that the maximum over k can be approximated by considering a few key shifts, maybe focusing on the most problematic shifts. For example, if we can find the k that gives the highest integral, and then optimize h to minimize that specific integral, while keeping the sum constraint. But this is a heuristic.

Let me think about the previous code. It uses SLSQP with equality constraints. The problem is that the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. However, when using numerical optimization, the maximum is a non-differentiable function, which can be problematic for gradient-based methods. Maybe using a different approach to handle the max function.

Wait, the code computes the correlation and takes the maximum. So, the objective function is the maximum of the correlation values. However, during optimization, the gradient might not be accurate because the maximum could be at a point where the derivative is not well-defined. This could lead to suboptimal solutions.

Perhaps a better approach is to use a penalty method, where we penalize the maximum integral. However, this might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method that can handle non-smooth objectives. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions, evolving them over generations to minimize the maximum integral. But given the time constraints, this might be too slow.

Wait, the user has a time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs. So, maybe a parallelized approach could be feasible. However, the code needs to be written in a way that can utilize multiple CPUs. But the previous code uses a single optimization run. Maybe splitting the search into multiple starting points and running them in parallel could help.

Another idea: the previous code uses 5 starting points. Maybe increasing the number of starting points or using different initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, using a more diverse set of initial guesses, such as random permutations, or structured patterns.

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be optimal. Maybe generating a better initial guess by using a known construction for the Erdős problem. For example, if there's a known optimal or near-optimal solution for C₅, using that as a starting point.

But since the user hasn't provided such a construction, I have to rely on the initial_h_values. So, perhaps the initial guess is not the best, and perturbing it in different ways could help.

Another thing to consider: the previous code uses a normal distribution to perturb the initial guess. Maybe using a different perturbation strategy, such as adding random noise with different magnitudes or using a more targeted approach.

Alternatively, maybe using a more sophisticated optimization method, like a trust-region method or a Bayesian optimization approach. However, implementing those might be complex.

Wait, the previous code uses SLSQP with equality constraints. The constraints are that the sum of h is n_points / 2. The objective is the maximum correlation. However, the maximum correlation is a non-smooth function. Maybe using a different approach to approximate the maximum.

Alternatively, perhaps using a convex relaxation. For example, instead of minimizing the maximum integral, minimize the integral for a specific k, but this would not guarantee the global minimum.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to find a better initial guess. The initial_h_values might be a good starting point, but perhaps there's a way to generate a better one. For example, using a periodic pattern with certain properties.

Another idea: since the integral is over [0, 2], and the function is periodic (since we're considering shifts), maybe the optimal h is periodic with a certain period. For example, if the function repeats every 1 unit, then the overlap for shifts of 1 would be symmetric.

But I'm not sure. Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs at certain shifts, perhaps designing h to have minimal overlap at those shifts.

Alternatively, thinking about the problem as a covering problem. The function h needs to be such that when shifted, it doesn't overlap too much with 1 - h. So, the regions where h is 1 should be spaced out so that when shifted, they don't overlap with the regions where h is 0.

This suggests that h should be a binary function (0 or 1) with certain spacing. However, since h can take any values between 0 and 1, maybe a continuous version of such a binary function could be better.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem? Maybe using a binary-like structure but with smooth transitions.

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on certain intervals and 0 on others, arranged to minimize overlap. For example, if h is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, spaced apart by 1/2, then shifting by 1 would cause overlap. But this might not be optimal.

Wait, the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. So, if h is 1 on an interval of length 1, then the rest is 0. But this would give an overlap integral of 1*(1 - 0) = 1 when shifted by 0, which is bad. So that's not good.

Alternatively, if h is 1 on two intervals of length 0.5, spaced apart. Then shifting by 0.5 would cause overlap. But how to calculate the integral?

This is getting complicated. Maybe it's better to focus on the optimization approach.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=80. Maybe trying with a different n_points could yield better results. For example, using n_points=100 might allow for more precise adjustments, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, given that the time budget is 100 seconds, maybe 80 points is manageable.

Alternatively, using a different discretization, such as using a higher number of points but with some structure.

Wait, the user mentioned that the previous code's best was 0.383230, and the target is 0.380876. So there's a gap of about 0.00235. To improve this, maybe the optimization needs to be more effective.

Perhaps the previous approach is too local, getting stuck in a local minimum. So, using a different optimization strategy that can explore the solution space more thoroughly.

Another idea: instead of using SLSQP, use a global optimization method like differential evolution. However, differential evolution might be slower, but with parallel processing, it could be feasible.

But the user's code uses SLSQP. Maybe switching to a different method, like COBYLA or another method that handles bounds and constraints better.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: first use a global optimization method to find a good starting point, then refine with SLSQP.

But how to implement this within the time budget?

Alternatively, using a multi-start approach with more starting points and different initial guesses. For example, generating multiple initial guesses based on different patterns and then optimizing each.

Another idea: the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. If I can analyze that pattern, maybe I can generate variations of it that could be better.

But without knowing what initial_h_values is, it's hard to say. However, the user provided the previous code that uses initial_h_values, so perhaps it's a known construction.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different parameterization of h. For example, instead of directly optimizing h, parameterize it using certain features, like the positions and widths of intervals where h is 1.

But this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the overlap integral for a shift k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be rewritten as the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral becomes 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over k.

Wait, that's an interesting observation. Because the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, maximizing the minimum of that integral would minimize the maximum overlap integral. So, the problem is equivalent to finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation with itself over shifts k.

This is a different way to look at it. Maybe this perspective can help in designing h.

For example, if we can maximize the minimum cross-correlation, then the overlap integral would be minimized. So, the problem becomes a maximin problem.

This might suggest that h should be designed to have high cross-correlation with itself for certain shifts, but this seems contradictory. Wait, no: the overlap integral is 1 minus the cross-correlation. So, to minimize the maximum overlap integral, we need to maximize the minimum cross-correlation. So, the goal is to maximize the minimum value of the cross-correlation over all shifts k.

This is a different way to frame the problem. Perhaps this can lead to better strategies.

For example, if we can design h such that its cross-correlation with itself is high for all shifts, then the overlap integral would be low. But how to achieve that?

In signal processing, a function with high cross-correlation with itself is a delta function, but that's not allowed here since h must integrate to 1. Alternatively, functions with certain periodicity or symmetry.

But how to translate this into an optimization problem?

Another idea: the cross-correlation of h with itself is the same as the autocorrelation. So, we want to maximize the minimum autocorrelation over all shifts. This is similar to designing a function with minimal autocorrelation, but here it's the opposite.

Wait, no. For the autocorrelation, we want it to be low for all shifts except zero. But here, we want the minimum autocorrelation to be as high as possible. So, it's a different objective.

This seems like a challenging problem. Maybe using a function that is a periodic square wave with certain parameters. For example, a square wave that is 1 for half the interval and 0 for the other half, but shifted in a way that the cross-correlation is maximized.

But again, how to model this in the optimization.

Alternatively, using a function that is a combination of multiple square waves with different frequencies, but this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: the problem might benefit from using a more sophisticated optimization algorithm. For example, using a Bayesian optimization approach that can explore the solution space more effectively. However, implementing Bayesian optimization might be complex and time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate h functions, evolving them over generations to minimize the maximum overlap integral. Each candidate h is represented as a vector of values between 0 and 1, with the sum constraint. The fitness function is the maximum overlap integral. The genetic algorithm would perform crossover, mutation, and selection to find better solutions.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, this might be feasible. However, the previous code uses a single optimization run, and genetic algorithms might be slower to converge.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods: first, generate multiple initial guesses using different strategies (like random permutations, structured patterns), then optimize each with SLSQP, and select the best result.

This is similar to what the previous code does, but with more diverse initial guesses.

Another idea: instead of perturbing the initial guess with a normal distribution, use a different perturbation strategy. For example, randomly flipping some values between 0 and 1, or adjusting them in a way that maintains the sum constraint.

Alternatively, using a more targeted approach to adjust the initial guess. For example, identifying the shifts that contribute most to the overlap integral and adjusting h to reduce those.

But how to identify those shifts without knowing the current h?

This seems like a chicken-and-egg problem.

Another angle: the overlap integral for a given k is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be split into two parts: the integral of h(x) dx minus the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. Since the integral of h(x) dx is 1, the overlap integral is 1 - integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx. So, minimizing the maximum overlap integral is equivalent to maximizing the minimum of the integral of h(x)h(x + k) dx over all k.

So, the problem reduces to finding h that maximizes the minimum of the cross-correlation with itself over all shifts k.

This is a different way to look at it. Perhaps this can lead to better strategies. For example, if we can ensure that the cross-correlation is high for all shifts, then the overlap integral would be low. But how to achieve that?

This seems like a challenging problem. Maybe using a function that is highly symmetric or periodic. For example, a function that repeats every 1 unit. Let's say h(x) = h(x + 1). Then, the cross-correlation for shifts k would depend on k modulo 1. This could reduce the number of shifts to consider.

But how to design such a function?

Alternatively, if h is a periodic function with period 1, then the integral over [0,2] would be twice the integral over [0,1]. The sum constraint requires that the integral over [0,2] is 1, so the integral over [0,1] would be 0.5. This could be achieved by a function that is 1 on half of [0,1] and 0 on the other half, but arranged to minimize overlap.

But again, how to translate this into an optimization problem.

Perhaps the key is to use a more effective optimization method. The previous code uses SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. To avoid getting stuck in local optima, using a global optimization method like differential evolution might be better.

Let me think about how to implement differential evolution. The differential evolution algorithm works by maintaining a population of candidate solutions and iteratively improving them through mutation, crossover, and selection. It's well-suited for problems with multiple local optima.

But how to apply it here. The objective function is the maximum overlap integral, which is non-smooth. However, differential evolution doesn't require gradients, so it might handle this better.

So, perhaps modifying the code to use differential evolution instead of SLSQP. Let's outline the steps:

1. Define the objective function as the maximum overlap integral.
2. Use differential evolution to optimize h, subject to the sum constraint.
3. Use a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations.
4. Since the problem is constrained (sum of h is fixed), we need to incorporate this constraint into the differential evolution.

However, differential evolution can handle constraints by using bounds and penalty functions. But implementing this correctly is important.

Another thing to consider is the time budget. Differential evolution might be slower than SLSQP, but with multiple CPUs, it could be parallelized. However, the code needs to be written in a way that can run efficiently.

Alternatively, using a hybrid approach: use differential evolution for a few generations to explore the solution space, then switch to SLSQP for refinement.

But given the time constraints, perhaps using differential evolution with a population size and generations that fit within 100 seconds.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a non-convex function, using a global optimization method like differential evolution could find better solutions than local methods like SLSQP.

So, the plan is to replace the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution, and see if that leads to better results.

But how to implement this in Python. The scipy.optimize.differential_evolution function can be used. However, it requires the objective function to be scalar, and the constraints to be handled via bounds and penalty terms.

Wait, the sum constraint is an equality constraint. Differential evolution can handle this by adding a penalty term to the objective function that penalizes deviations from the sum constraint. However, this might not be as effective as using an equality constraint.

Alternatively, we can parameterize h such that the sum is automatically satisfied. For example, by using a parameterization that ensures the sum is fixed. For example, using a softmax function or some other normalization.

But this might complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, during the optimization, we can normalize the h vector to satisfy the sum constraint. For example, after each mutation and crossover, we can scale the h vector so that its sum is n_points / 2.

This approach would allow us to use differential evolution without explicitly handling the equality constraint. However, this could introduce some numerical instability.

But given that the previous code used a similar approach (scaling after perturbation), this might be manageable.

So, the steps would be:

- Use differential evolution to optimize h, with bounds [0, 1] for each element.
- The objective function is the maximum overlap integral.
- After each evaluation of a candidate h, normalize it to ensure the sum is n_points / 2.

This way, the sum constraint is enforced implicitly.

This could be a viable approach. Let's think about how to implement this.

The differential evolution function would take the candidate h vector, compute the maximum overlap integral, and return it as the objective. However, during the optimization, we need to ensure that the sum of h is correct. So, after each mutation and crossover, we can scale the h vector to meet the sum constraint.

This would allow us to use differential evolution without explicitly handling the equality constraint.

Another thing to consider is the initial population. Generating a diverse initial population could help the algorithm explore the solution space better. For example, using random initial guesses, or structured guesses like the initial_h_values.

So, the modified code would use differential evolution with this normalization step.

Now, let's think about the code structure.

The previous code used SLSQP with multiple starting points. The new approach would use differential evolution with a single population, possibly with multiple runs.

But given the time budget, maybe running differential evolution for a certain number of generations would be better.

Another thing to consider is the number of points. Using n_points=80 might be sufficient, but maybe a higher number could yield better results. However, the user prefers smaller sequences, so 80 is acceptable.

Putting this together, the new code would:

- Use differential evolution to optimize h.
- Normalize the h vector after each evaluation to ensure the sum constraint.
- Use the initial_h_values as the initial population.
- Evaluate the objective function as the maximum overlap integral.

This approach might find better solutions than the previous SLSQP method, especially if the initial guess is good.

Now, let's think about implementing this.

The objective function would be:

def objective(h):
    # normalize h to ensure sum is n_points / 2
    h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
    # compute the overlap integral
    corr = np.correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But wait, this normalization is done inside the objective function, which could lead to different scaling depending on the current h. However, this ensures that the sum constraint is met for the current h.

But in differential evolution, the algorithm doesn't know about this normalization, so it's important to ensure that the objective function always returns the correct value after normalization.

Alternatively, during the optimization, the algorithm is allowed to vary h, but after each evaluation, we normalize it. This way, the objective function always evaluates the normalized h.

This approach would work, but it might introduce some numerical issues. However, it's worth trying.

Now, implementing this in code.

The differential evolution function from scipy.optimize would be used, with bounds [0, 1] for each element. The initial population could be generated based on the initial_h_values or random.

But how to handle the normalization within the objective function.

Wait, the differential evolution function would pass a candidate h to the objective function. The objective function would then normalize it and compute the overlap integral. This way, the optimization is done on the normalized h.

But this approach might lead to the algorithm getting stuck in regions where the normalization is not smooth. However, given that the normalization is a linear operation, it's probably manageable.

Another thing to note: the normalization step scales the h vector. For example, if the current h has a sum of S, then the normalized h is h * (target_sum / S). This ensures that the sum is target_sum.

So, the code for the objective function would be:

def objective(h):
    h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
    corr = np.correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

But what if the sum of h is zero? That would cause a division by zero. However, since the initial guess and the differential evolution process should keep the sum from being zero, this is unlikely. To prevent this, we can add a small epsilon to the sum if it's zero.

But in practice, the initial guess has a sum of n_points / 2, and the differential evolution process would perturb it slightly, so the sum should not be zero.

Now, implementing this in the code.

The code would use scipy.optimize.differential_evolution with the objective function as defined. The bounds are [0, 1] for each element. The initial population can be generated based on the initial_h_values or random.

But the differential evolution function requires the bounds to be passed. So, the code would set bounds to [(0, 1)] * n_points.

The initial population can be set using the initial_h_values, but differential evolution typically generates its own initial population. However, we can set the initial population to be the initial_h_values to start from a good guess.

But the differential evolution function in scipy allows for an initial population to be specified via the 'init' parameter. However, I'm not sure if that's supported. Alternatively, we can use the initial guess as part of the optimization process.

Alternatively, we can run differential evolution with a single run, starting from the initial_h_values.

But how to handle the normalization within the objective function.

Putting it all together, the code would look something like this:

import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def objective(h, dx, n_points):
    h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h)
    corr = np.correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = 80
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    # Initial guess from provided initial_h_values
    h_initial = initial_h_values.copy()
    
    # Bounds for differential evolution
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    # Run differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        fun=lambda h: objective(h, dx, n_points),
        bounds=bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points

But wait, the differential evolution function might take longer to run. The maxiter parameter controls the number of generations. With a time budget of 100 seconds, we need to choose parameters that allow the algorithm to run within that time.

However, the previous code used SLSQP with multiple starting points. The differential evolution approach might be slower, but with the right parameters, it could find a better solution.

Another thing to consider is that the objective function is non-smooth due to the max operation, which might affect the performance of differential evolution. However, differential evolution is generally robust to non-smooth functions.

Another idea: since the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap integral, which is a non-convex function, using a global optimization method like differential evolution is more promising than local methods like SLSQP.

So, this approach might lead to better results than the previous one.

Another thing to note is that the initial_h_values might be a good starting point for the differential evolution. So, perhaps setting the initial population to be based on the initial_h_values could help.

But the differential evolution function in scipy doesn't allow specifying an initial population directly. However, the 'seed' parameter can be used to control the randomness, so setting it to the provided seed might help.

Another potential issue is that the normalization step in the objective function might cause the optimization to be less effective. For example, if the algorithm tries to vary h in a way that the sum is not maintained, but the normalization step corrects it. This could lead to a more stable optimization.

In conclusion, replacing the SLSQP optimization with differential evolution, using the normalization step to maintain the sum constraint, and starting from the initial_h_values might lead to better results.

Another possible improvement is to use a larger population size and more generations, but this would take more time. Given the time budget, we need to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken.

Testing this approach, it might find a better solution than the previous one.

So, the final code would use differential evolution with the normalization step, and return the best solution found.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import differential_evolution

def objective(h, dx, n_points):
    h_sum = np.sum(h)
    if h_sum == 0:
        return float('inf')
    h_normalized = h * (n_points / 2) / h_sum
    corr = np.correlate(h_normalized, 1 - h_normalized, mode='full')
    max_corr = np.max(corr)
    return max_corr * dx

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = 80
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    # Use initial guess as starting point
    h_initial = initial_h_values.copy()
    h_initial = h_initial * (n_points / 2) / np.sum(h_initial)
    
    # Run differential evolution
    result = differential_evolution(
        fun=lambda h: objective(h, dx, n_points),
        bounds=bounds,
        strategy='best1bin',
        maxiter=100,
        popsize=15,
        tol=1e-6,
        mutation=(0.5, 1),
        recombination=0.8,
        seed=seed
    )
    
    best_h = result.x
    best_c5 = result.fun
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```