<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The goal is to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38092, and we need to get it down to 0.380876 or lower. 

First, I need to understand the problem better. The task is to find a step function h on [0,2] that minimizes the maximum overlap integral. The overlap integral is calculated as the maximum over k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. The constraints are that h is between 0 and 1, and the integral of h over [0,2] is 1. 

The previous approach used a gradient-based optimization with SLSQP, starting from an initial guess. However, that approach might get stuck in local minima. So, perhaps I need a different strategy. 

Let me think about possible improvements. One idea is to use a more sophisticated optimization algorithm that can handle the non-convex nature of the problem better. Alternatively, maybe using a different initial guess or a more structured approach could help. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to designing a function that minimizes the maximum overlap with its shifted versions. This is akin to a signal processing problem where you want to minimize the maximum cross-correlation. Maybe techniques from signal processing or coding theory could be useful here. 

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). Maybe increasing the number of points could lead to a better solution, but the user mentioned that smaller sequences are preferred for speed. However, the current record uses n=45, so maybe trying a slightly larger n could help, but within the time budget. 

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization method. The previous code used SLSQP, which is a local optimizer. Maybe a global optimization method would be better, but those are computationally expensive. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps parallelizing the search could help. 

Wait, the user's code uses a single-threaded optimization. Maybe using a multi-start approach with different initial guesses could help escape local minima. Also, maybe using a genetic algorithm or a particle swarm optimization could be more effective in exploring the solution space. 

But integrating those into the code might be challenging. Let me think about the constraints again. The function h has to be a step function, so it's piecewise constant. The integral over [0,2] is 1, which means the area under the curve is 1. 

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum overlap, perhaps we can model this as a minimax problem. The objective is to minimize the maximum value of the cross-correlation. This is a convex optimization problem if we can linearize it, but I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, since the cross-correlation is a convolution, maybe there's a way to model this with Fourier transforms. However, I'm not sure how to directly apply that here. 

Let me think about the previous approach. The initial guess is given by initial_h_values. Maybe trying different initial guesses could lead to better results. For example, starting with a more uniform distribution or a specific pattern that's known to be good for similar problems. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that is as "spread out" as possible, so that when you shift it, the overlap is minimized. This might relate to the concept of a "balanced" function. 

Perhaps using a more structured approach, like dividing the interval [0,2] into regions where h is 0 or 1, and then optimizing the positions and lengths of these regions. However, this could become complex with many variables. 

Alternatively, maybe using a grid search over possible configurations, but that's computationally intensive. 

Wait, the previous code uses a fixed n_points=45. What if I try varying n_points? For example, trying n_points=60 or 80, but ensuring that the time budget is respected. However, with the time constraint, maybe a higher n_points would take longer. 

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is evaluated over all k, maybe the maximum occurs at specific values of k. For example, k=0.5, 1.0, etc. Perhaps focusing the optimization on those specific shifts could help. 

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over x, and the function h is piecewise constant, maybe there's a way to model the problem as a linear programming problem. But since the objective is to minimize the maximum of several linear functions (each corresponding to a shift k), this could be a convex problem. 

Wait, the cross-correlation for a specific shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. Let's denote this as C_k. The problem is to minimize the maximum C_k over all k. 

But how can we model this? For each k, C_k is a linear function in terms of the values of h. However, since k can be any real number, this seems challenging. But in practice, when we discretize the function h into n_points samples, the shifts k that are relevant are those that align with the grid. 

Wait, the evaluation uses np.correlate with mode 'full', which returns the cross-correlation for all possible shifts. However, the actual integral for a given shift k would depend on how the function h is sampled. So, perhaps the maximum C_k in the discrete case corresponds to the maximum value in the cross-correlation array. 

Therefore, the problem reduces to finding h such that the maximum value in the cross-correlation is minimized. 

Given that, perhaps using a more efficient optimization method that can handle the non-convexity. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a population of candidate solutions, evolving them over generations to find better minima. 

But implementing a genetic algorithm from scratch might be time-consuming and might not fit within the time budget. Alternatively, using a different optimization library that supports more advanced methods. 

Wait, the previous code uses scipy's SLSQP. Maybe using a different method, like the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which doesn't require gradients, could be better for non-convex problems. However, Nelder-Mead is generally slower. 

Alternatively, using a Bayesian optimization approach to search for the optimal h. But again, integrating that into the code might be complex. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a binary sequence (since h is a step function, maybe binary) that minimizes the maximum cross-correlation. However, in this case, h can take any value between 0 and 1, not just 0 or 1. 

Wait, but maybe a binary function (h(x) is 0 or 1) could be optimal. However, the previous code uses a continuous approach. 

But maybe there's a way to model this as a binary optimization problem. However, binary optimization is NP-hard, so it's unlikely to find an exact solution quickly. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a simulated annealing approach. This is a probabilistic method that can escape local minima by allowing uphill moves with a certain probability. 

But again, implementing this from scratch might be challenging. 

Let me think about the previous code again. The initial approach uses SLSQP with a fixed initial guess. The problem is that it might get stuck in a local minimum. So, perhaps trying multiple initial guesses and using a more robust optimization method could help. 

Another idea: instead of using a single initial guess, generate several different initial configurations and optimize each one. For example, starting with different patterns, like a uniform distribution, a periodic function, or a random binary pattern. 

For example, one possible initial guess could be a function that is 1/2 on half the interval and 0 on the other half. But since the integral is 1 over [0,2], that would require the area to be 1. So, if the function is 1 on an interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. But that would have an integral of 1. 

Alternatively, a function that is 1 on intervals of length 1/2, but arranged in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. 

But how to translate this into code? 

Alternatively, maybe using a more structured approach, such as dividing the interval [0,2] into segments where h is 1 or 0, and then optimizing the positions and lengths of these segments. 

But this seems like a combinatorial problem, which could be complex. 

Alternatively, considering that the problem is similar to the "minimum overlap" problem in additive combinatorics, perhaps there are known constructions that could be adapted here. 

For example, the Erdős problem is related to the minimum maximum overlap, and there are known bounds. The current best is around 0.38, and the goal is to improve it. 

But without prior knowledge of specific constructions, perhaps the best approach is to refine the existing optimization method. 

Let me think about the previous code's limitations. It uses a fixed n_points=45, which might not be optimal. Maybe trying different n_points could lead to better results. For example, trying n_points=60 or 80, but ensuring that the time budget is respected. 

Alternatively, using a smaller n_points but with more sophisticated optimization. 

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is evaluated for all shifts, perhaps the maximum occurs at certain specific shifts. For example, shifts that are multiples of the interval length. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts. 

Alternatively, considering that the maximum overlap occurs when the function h is shifted by a certain amount that causes the maximum overlap. 

But how to incorporate that into the optimization? 

Alternatively, maybe using a more efficient way to compute the maximum overlap. For example, instead of computing all possible shifts, focus on the shifts that are most likely to be problematic. 

But this requires some domain knowledge. 

Another thought: the problem is similar to the problem of finding a function that is as "balanced" as possible, so that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. This could be similar to a binary sequence with low autocorrelation, like a Barker code. However, Barker codes are for binary sequences and have specific properties. 

But since our function can take any value between 0 and 1, perhaps a similar approach could be used. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a function that is 1 on intervals that are spaced in a way that when shifted, the overlap is minimized. For example, using a periodic function with certain properties. 

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to proceed. 

Let me think about the code again. The previous code uses a fixed number of points and SLSQP. Maybe using a different optimization method, like the COBYLA method, which handles bounds well. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. The initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. For example, starting with a more uniform distribution or a different pattern. 

Another idea: the current code uses a single initial guess. What if we try multiple initial guesses, such as random perturbations of the initial guess, or different structured patterns? 

For example, generating several initial configurations and running the optimization on each, then selecting the best result. 

This would increase the chances of finding a better minimum. 

Additionally, the previous code only runs a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a more aggressive optimization could help. 

But with the time budget, we need to balance between the number of iterations and the time taken. 

Another thought: the problem is non-convex, so even with a good initial guess, the optimization might get stuck. Therefore, using a global optimization approach is better. 

However, scipy's optimization methods are local. So, perhaps using a combination of local and global methods. 

Alternatively, using a surrogate model to approximate the objective function and perform Bayesian optimization. 

But implementing that from scratch would be complex. 

Alternatively, using a genetic algorithm. Let me think about how to implement a simple genetic algorithm. 

Each individual is a vector of h values. The fitness function is the maximum cross-correlation value. We want to minimize this. 

The steps would be:

1. Initialize a population of random h vectors that satisfy the constraints.
2. Evaluate the fitness of each individual.
3. Select the best individuals for breeding.
4. Apply crossover and mutation to create new individuals.
5. Replace the worst individuals with the new ones.
6. Repeat until a stopping criterion is met (e.g., time budget).

This approach could explore the solution space more thoroughly and potentially find better minima. 

But implementing this in Python with the given time constraints might be feasible. Let's think about the steps. 

First, generate an initial population. For example, 20 individuals. Each individual is a vector of h values, with sum(h) = n_points / 2. 

For each individual, we can generate h values by randomly assigning 0s and 1s, but ensuring the sum is correct. Or, generate random values between 0 and 1, then scale them to meet the sum constraint. 

Then, for each individual, compute the cross-correlation and track the maximum value. 

The selection process would pick individuals with lower maximum values. 

Crossover could involve taking parts of two parents and combining them. Mutation would randomly perturb some values. 

This approach could be implemented, but it's computationally intensive. However, with the time budget of 100 seconds and 10 CPUs, perhaps it's manageable. 

But given that the user's previous code uses a single-threaded approach, maybe using a multi-threaded genetic algorithm could be better. However, the code needs to be written in a way that can run within the time budget. 

Alternatively, using a more efficient optimization method. 

Another idea: the problem is to minimize the maximum of several linear functions. This is a convex optimization problem if we can find a way to model it. However, since the maximum is involved, it's a convex problem. 

Wait, the objective is to minimize the maximum of several linear functions. This is equivalent to minimizing a variable t, subject to each linear function being ≤ t. 

So, the problem can be formulated as:

minimize t

subject to:

for all k, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t

and ∫ h(x) dx = 1, 0 ≤ h(x) ≤ 1.

But how to model this? 

The problem is that the integral for each k is a linear function in terms of h, but the variable k is continuous. However, in practice, when we discretize the function h into n_points samples, the cross-correlation is computed for all possible shifts, which are discrete. 

But the maximum over all k in the discrete case corresponds to the maximum value in the cross-correlation array. 

So, for the discrete case, the problem becomes:

minimize t

subject to:

for each shift k (in the discrete case), the cross-correlation value ≤ t

and the integral constraint.

But how to model this as a convex optimization problem? 

The cross-correlation for each shift k is a linear function in h. However, the number of constraints would be O(n_points^2), which is computationally expensive. 

But for a given n_points, say 45, the number of shifts would be 2*45 - 1 = 89. So, 89 constraints. 

This is a convex problem because it's a linear programming problem (if the cross-correlation is linear in h). Wait, the cross-correlation is linear in h? Let me check. 

The cross-correlation for a specific shift k is ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. This can be expanded as ∫ h(x) dx - ∫ h(x) h(x + k) dx. 

The first term is the integral of h, which is a constant (1). The second term is the integral of the product of h(x) and h(x + k). 

But this is not linear in h. It's a quadratic term. Therefore, the problem is not a linear program. 

This complicates things. So, the problem is a non-convex optimization problem, which makes it challenging. 

Given that, perhaps the previous approach of using a gradient-based method is the way to go, but with better initializations and more sophisticated optimization. 

Another idea: since the cross-correlation is a quadratic function, maybe using a quadratic programming approach. However, the problem is non-convex, so QP might not work. 

Alternatively, perhaps using a local optimization method with multiple restarts and different initial points. 

So, going back to the previous code, what can be improved? 

The previous code uses a single initial guess and a few iterations. Maybe increasing the number of iterations or using a different optimization method. 

Also, the initial guess might not be optimal. For example, the initial_h_values provided might not be the best starting point. 

Another thought: what if we use a different initial guess, such as a function that is 1 on a single interval and 0 elsewhere. For example, a rectangle function. This might have a certain overlap when shifted. 

Alternatively, using a function that is 1 on two intervals, spaced apart. 

But how to generate such functions? 

Alternatively, using a random initial guess with a uniform distribution, ensuring the sum is correct. 

So, modifying the initial guess to be a random function that satisfies the constraints. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed n_points=45. What if we try different n_points? For example, trying n_points=60. This might allow for a more precise function, but the time budget must be respected. 

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, perhaps trying multiple n_points could be feasible. 

Alternatively, using a smaller n_points but with a more efficient optimization. 

But without knowing, it's hard to say. 

Another approach: using a combination of different optimization methods. For example, starting with a genetic algorithm to find a good initial guess, then refining it with SLSQP. 

But implementing a genetic algorithm would take time. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization method, such as the BFGS method, which is a quasi-Newton method. 

But the previous code uses SLSQP, which is a constrained optimization method. 

Perhaps trying different methods, like L-BFGS-B, which is a bounded optimization method. 

Alternatively, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints. 

Let me think about the previous code's constraints. The sum of h must be exactly n_points / 2. The previous code uses a LinearConstraint for this. 

So, perhaps the optimization method can be changed to COBYLA, which is better for bound-constrained problems. 

Another idea: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. What if we try multiple initial guesses, such as random perturbations of the initial guess, and run the optimization for each, then select the best result. 

This could help escape local minima. 

So, modifying the code to try multiple initial guesses. 

Additionally, increasing the number of iterations for the optimization. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points=45). What if we try varying n_points? For example, trying n_points=60, which might give a better approximation. 

But with the time budget, it's important to balance between the number of points and the time taken. 

In conclusion, to improve upon the previous approach, I can:

1. Use a different optimization method, such as COBYLA or L-BFGS-B, which might handle the constraints better.
2. Try multiple initial guesses, including random perturbations of the initial guess and other structured patterns.
3. Increase the number of iterations or use a multi-start approach.
4. Consider varying the number of points (n_points) to find the optimal balance between precision and computation time.
5. Use a more sophisticated optimization strategy, such as combining global and local search methods.

Now, let's think about implementing these ideas in code. 

First, changing the optimization method. Let's try using the COBYLA method, which is suitable for bound-constrained problems and can handle the linear constraint. 

Second, generating multiple initial guesses. For example, starting with the initial_h_values, and also generating random initial guesses that satisfy the constraints. 

Third, increasing the number of iterations. 

Additionally, varying n_points. Let's try n_points=60, which might allow for a more precise function. 

But with the time budget, we need to ensure that the code runs within 100 seconds. 

Let me outline the steps for the new code:

- Define n_points as 60 (or another value).
- Generate multiple initial guesses: the initial_h_values, and some random ones.
- For each initial guess, run the optimization with a method like COBYLA.
- Track the best result found.
- Use the best result as the final output.

Also, the code needs to be efficient. 

Another thing: the previous code uses a fixed initial guess. By generating multiple initial guesses, we increase the chances of finding a better minimum. 

Now, let's think about the code structure. 

The code will:

- Set n_points to 60.
- Generate initial guesses: the initial_h_values and some random ones.
- For each initial guess, run the optimization.
- Track the best result.

But generating random initial guesses requires ensuring that the sum is correct. 

For example, to generate a random initial guess, we can generate random values between 0 and 1, then scale them so that their sum is n_points / 2. 

But this might not be efficient. Alternatively, we can generate a random binary vector (0 or 1) and then adjust it to meet the sum constraint. 

However, for the purpose of this code, perhaps generating random values and scaling them is sufficient. 

Now, implementing this in code. 

Also, the previous code uses SLSQP, but we can try COBYLA. 

Another thing: the evaluation of the objective function is done via np.correlate. This might be time-consuming for large n_points. But with n_points=60, it's manageable. 

Putting it all together, the new code would:

- Use a higher n_points (e.g., 60).
- Generate multiple initial guesses.
- Use a different optimization method (e.g., COBYLA).
- Run multiple optimizations in parallel (if possible) to find the best result within the time budget.

However, with the given constraints (no network or filesystem IO), and using only CPUs, we need to manage the time efficiently. 

Now, considering the time budget, trying multiple initial guesses with a limited number of iterations might be feasible. 

Another idea: instead of using a fixed n_points, try a few different values and choose the best result. 

But this would require more time. 

In conclusion, the plan is to:

- Increase the number of points to 60.
- Use multiple initial guesses (initial_h_values and random ones).
- Use COBYLA as the optimization method.
- Run multiple optimizations and select the best result.

Now, let's draft the code accordingly.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
from scipy.optimize import minimize, Bounds, LinearConstraint
from scipy.optimize import COBYLA
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    
    # Try different n_points values
    n_points_list = [45, 60, 80]
    best_c5 = float('inf')
    best_h = None
    
    for n_points in n_points_list:
        dx = 2.0 / n_points
        # Generate initial guesses
        initial_guesses = []
        # Add the provided initial guess
        initial_guesses.append(initial_h_values.copy())
        # Generate random initial guesses
        for _ in range(3):
            h = np.random.uniform(0, 1, n_points)
            h = h / np.sum(h) * (n_points / 2)
            initial_guesses.append(h)
        
        start_time = time.time()
        for h_initial in initial_guesses:
            # Define objective function
            def objective(h):
                corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
                max_corr = np.max(corr)
                return max_corr * dx
            
            # Constraints
            constraints = [LinearConstraint(np.ones(n_points), [n_points / 2], [n_points / 2])]
            bounds = Bounds(np.zeros(n_points), np.ones(n_points))
            
            # Optimization
            result = minimize(
                objective,
                h_initial,
                method=COBYLA,
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=constraints,
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'disp': False}
            )
            
            # Check time
            elapsed = time.time() - start_time
            if elapsed >= budget_s:
                break
            
            if result.fun < best_c5:
                best_c5 = result.fun
                best_h = result.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points_list[0] if best_h is not None else 45
```