<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current best is around 0.38085, and the goal is to get even lower. The previous code uses a combination of SLSQP, differential evolution, and L-BFGS-B optimization methods starting from an initial guess. But maybe there's a better approach.

First, let me think about the problem. The aim is to minimize the maximum overlap integral C5, which is calculated by correlating h with 1-h. The constraints are that h is a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. The challenge is to find a function h that makes this maximum overlap as small as possible.

The previous approach tried several initial guesses and used different optimization techniques. But perhaps there's a way to improve this. Maybe using more structured or informed initial guesses could lead to better results. Also, different optimization algorithms might be more effective. For instance, using a genetic algorithm or a Bayesian optimization approach could explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another thought: the previous code uses a fixed number of points (n_points = 45). Maybe trying a different number of points could help. Maybe using more points allows for more precise tuning but might be computationally expensive. However, the problem mentions that smaller sequences with less than 1k samples are preferred, so perhaps using more points beyond 45 might not be the best approach. But perhaps there's a sweet spot.

Also, the current code uses differential evolution, but maybe with different parameters. Or using a hybrid approach where we first do a global search with differential evolution and then refine with local methods like SLSQP. The previous code does this, but perhaps adjusting the parameters of these methods could yield better results.

Another idea: instead of starting from the initial_h_values, which might be a local minimum, perhaps using multiple different initial configurations. For example, generating a few different structured patterns like periodic functions, or functions with specific symmetry properties. Also, maybe using a randomized initial configuration that's more diverse.

Also, the objective function is to minimize the maximum of the correlation. The correlation here is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives a larger array. The maximum value of this array, multiplied by dx, gives C5. So, the problem is to minimize this maximum value.

Another approach is to model this as an optimization problem where we can use more advanced techniques. For example, using a convex relaxation or a surrogate model. However, since the problem involves non-convex constraints, convex relaxation might not be straightforward.

Alternatively, considering that the integral is over a period, maybe we can model h as a function with certain symmetries. For instance, using a piecewise constant function that alternates between 0 and 1 in a specific pattern. The Erdős problem is related to the minimum maximum overlap, which is similar to the concept of "avoiding overlaps" in sequences.

Wait, the current code already uses some structured initial guesses. Maybe expanding that by generating more structured patterns could help. For example, using a combination of different waveforms or functions that are designed to minimize overlaps. Also, maybe using a pattern that repeats every certain interval.

Another thing to consider is the computational budget. The previous code uses a lot of optimization steps, which might be computationally expensive. Maybe optimizing the parameters of the optimization algorithms, like reducing the number of iterations or using more efficient methods.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different method altogether, such as a gradient-based approach with a better initialization. For example, using a coordinate descent method that iteratively updates each point to minimize the objective function while maintaining the integral constraint.

Also, the problem allows for using any of the solvers in scipy.optimize, including those that might not have been used in the previous code. For example, using the COBYLA method, which handles bounds and constraints well, or the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm for derivative-free optimization.

Another idea is to use parallelized optimization, but since the problem restricts to a single CPU, that's not possible. So, focusing on efficient serial methods.

Also, the current code uses a fixed n_points (45), but maybe trying with a different number of points could lead to better results. For example, increasing n_points to 60 or 80 might allow for more precise control but would require more computational time. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred for speed, so perhaps the initial approach is better, but maybe a small increase in n_points could be acceptable if it leads to a better bound.

Another angle: the correlation maximum is related to the maximum value of the integral of h(x) times (1 - h(x + k)) over x. To minimize this, the function h should be designed such that for any shift k, the overlap is minimized. This resembles a packing problem where the function is spread out to avoid overlapping with its shifted versions.

Perhaps using a function that is spread out in a way that it creates regions where h(x) is 1 and regions where it's 0, but the boundaries between them are designed to minimize the overlap. For example, using a function with a certain number of intervals of 1s and 0s arranged optimally.

Wait, the initial_h_values might be a specific pattern. If I can understand what that pattern is, I could generate similar patterns with modifications. But since I can't access the initial_h_values directly, I need to think of other ways to generate initial configurations.

Alternatively, generate multiple initial configurations with different structures and optimize each. For instance, one with evenly distributed 1s and 0s, another with a sinusoidal pattern, another with a triangular wave, etc.

Another idea: the problem is similar to some problems in signal processing where you want to minimize the cross-correlation. In those cases, certain types of functions like Walsh functions or binary sequences with low cross-correlation are used. Perhaps using similar concepts here.

But how to translate that into a step function on [0,2] with integral 1. Maybe creating a function that has multiple regions of 1 and 0 arranged so that their shifts do not overlap much.

In terms of optimization, maybe using a different solver that can handle the constraints better. For example, using the SLSQP method with a better initial guess. Or using a combination of methods where one global search is followed by local refinement.

Also, checking the previous code's parameters. The differential evolution uses popsize=150, maxiter=300, etc. Maybe adjusting those parameters could help. For example, reducing popsize but increasing maxiter, or vice versa.

Another thing to consider: the correlation for k=0 is the integral of h(x)*(1 - h(x)) dx, which is the same as the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x)) dx, which is minimized when h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, but since the integral of h(x) is 1 over [0,2], h(x) can't be 0.5 everywhere (since that would give integral 1). Wait, 0.5 * 2 = 1, so if h(x) is 0.5 everywhere, then the integral is 1. However, the maximum overlap would then be the integral of 0.5*(1-0.5) dx = 0.5*0.5*2 = 0.5. But the current best is much lower, so that suggests that there's a better configuration.

Wait, the problem is to minimize the maximum overlap over all k. So even if the k=0 case is 0.5, but other shifts k might have higher overlaps. Hence, the previous approach is trying to find a function h that minimizes the worst-case overlap over all shifts k.

So, the function must balance all possible shifts. Thus, the optimal function is one that's spread out in such a way that for any shift, the overlap isn't too large.

Back to the optimization approach. Maybe the previous code can be modified by adjusting the initial guesses to be more diverse. For instance, instead of using structured guesses based on m=2,3,..., maybe using a different pattern.

Another idea: use a greedy algorithm to construct h. Start by placing 1s in positions that minimize the overlap with their shifts. But this is a bit abstract.

Alternatively, since the current code uses a lot of optimization steps with different methods, perhaps the problem is that it's getting stuck in local optima. To mitigate this, using a more diverse set of initial guesses is crucial. For example, generating not just a few structured guesses but a larger variety of initial configurations.

Wait, the previous code generates a few structured guesses and some random ones, but maybe adding more structured patterns, such as ones that alternate between 1 and 0 in a certain way, or have distinct regions.

Also, the code uses differential evolution, which is a global optimization method, and then refines with SLSQP. Maybe using a different global optimizer, like genetic algorithms, but the problem allows for using scipy's methods.

Another thing: in the previous code, after differential evolution, a local SLSQP is applied. Maybe the local optimizer could be more effective if the initial guess is better. But perhaps there's a way to use more iterations or better parameters.

Alternatively, considering that the correlation is a max over different shifts, maybe we can focus the optimization on those shifts that are most problematic. However, this might complicate the optimization.

Another thought: since the cross-correlation is calculated as np.correlate(h, 1-h, mode='full'), which gives the same result as the convolution of h with 1-h reversed. So, the maximum of this correlation corresponds to the maximum overlap for any shift.

The problem here is similar to the problem of finding a binary sequence with minimal maximum cross-correlation. However, the difference here is that h is a step function (i.e., piecewise constant), and the integral is fixed.

Hmm. Maybe we can model this as a piecewise constant function with a certain number of intervals where h is 1 or 0. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into several segments and assigning h(x) to 1 or 0 in each segment. Then, the integral constraint is the sum of the lengths of the segments where h is 1. This transforms the problem into a combinatorial optimization problem, where the number of segments is fixed, and we need to choose which segments to assign 1s to, such that the maximum overlap is minimized.

However, the number of segments could be large, making this approach computationally intensive. But for small numbers of segments, like 5 or 6, it's manageable. For example, with 5 segments, the problem becomes selecting a subset of segments that add up to integral 1, and then computing the maximum overlap.

But this approach is only feasible for small numbers of segments. Given the time constraints, perhaps this is not practical. However, maybe the code can be modified to try this approach for some structured configurations.

Alternatively, perhaps using a mixed-integer optimization approach, but that may not be feasible with the given solvers (since scipy.optimize doesn't support MIP directly, unless using a different solver like Gurobi, which is available as an option).

Wait, the problem allows the use of cvxpy with solvers like Gurobi. If that's available, perhaps formulating the problem as a convex optimization problem with variables representing the segments. But since the problem is non-convex (the max over correlations), it's unclear.

Another idea: since the previous code uses a number of points (n_points = 45), perhaps increasing the number of points allows for a finer control over the function shape. However, the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred. But maybe trying with a slightly larger number of points (say 60) might yield a better result, and still be within the time budget.

So, adjusting the n_points to a higher value, say 60, could allow for more precise tuning. However, the initial_h_values is for n=45, so if I can generate a similar structure for 60 points, that might be better. But generating that algorithmically is required.

Alternatively, using a different number of points, perhaps even varying it during the optimization. But that complicates things.

Another possible improvement: using a more efficient optimization method for the initial steps. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex algorithm, which is derivative-free and can handle bounds. But the previous code already tried SLSQP, which is gradient-based.

Perhaps combining multiple optimization strategies. For example, using differential evolution to find a good initial guess, then using SLSQP with a tighter convergence to refine it.

Also, in the previous code, the differential evolution is run once, then SLSQP is used. Maybe instead, run differential evolution multiple times with different parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.

Another idea: using a different objective function. The current objective is to minimize the maximum correlation. However, sometimes minimizing the maximum can be challenging. Perhaps using a penalty-based approach where the objective is to minimize the maximum correlation, but with some constraints on the integral.

Alternatively, since the maximum is taken over the correlation values, we can model this as minimizing a variable that is greater than or equal to each correlation, and then minimize that variable. This is an approach used in optimization to handle maxima.

In mathematical terms, the problem can be reformulated as:

minimize t

subject to:

for all k, ∫ h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx ≤ t

and ∫ h(x) dx = 1

with h(x) ∈ [0,1].

But since the integral is over [0, 2], and we're dealing with shifts, the k values could be up to a certain range, say up to 2. However, for the correlation, the full mode includes shifts from - (n_points-1) to (n_points-1) in the discrete case. But this leads to a large number of constraints, which might not be feasible for optimization.

But in practice, the maximum over all shifts may occur at specific values. For example, for the continuous case, we might have to consider shifts up to the length of the interval. However, this is a continuous problem, so discretizing it appropriately is necessary.

This suggests that perhaps the problem is inherently difficult, and that the previous code's approach is one of the best ways to tackle it, but with some improvements.

So, to improve upon the previous approach, perhaps:

1. Use more diverse initial guesses. For example, besides structured guesses and random ones, generate other patterns like periodic functions, or functions that have certain symmetries.

2. Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms. For instance, increasing the number of iterations for differential evolution, or using different mutation and recombination strategies.

3. Use a combination of global and local optimization steps, possibly with more thorough exploration in the early stages.

4. Increase the number of sample points (n_points) if possible, to allow for more precise control over the function shape, but ensuring that it's within the time budget.

Another thought: the current code uses a fixed n_points (45) based on initial_h_values. If the initial_h_values is a specific pattern with 45 points, maybe there's a way to generate similar patterns with a different number of points. But generating that algorithmically is required.

Alternatively, perhaps using a different initial guess. For example, generating a function that is a combination of intervals where h is 1 for certain lengths and 0 for others, arranged to minimize overlaps.

But how to generate that algorithmically? Maybe by creating a function that has equal-length intervals of 1s and 0s, but with a specific pattern.

Wait, the initial solution might be inspired by a specific structure. If I can't see the initial_h_values, I have to assume that it's some structured pattern, perhaps with 1s in certain regions.

Alternatively, think of the problem in terms of the overlap for different shifts. For example, the worst-case shift k is likely to be around the size of the support of h. For instance, if h has a support of length L, then shifting by L might lead to significant overlap. Hence, the function should be designed to avoid having its support overlap too much with its shifted versions.

This brings to mind the concept of a "sparse" function where the 1s are spread out. For example, if the function has several regions where it is 1, each separated by a certain distance, ensuring that when shifted, they don't overlap too much.

But how to model this in code? Perhaps using a pattern that repeats every certain interval, but adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Another possible optimization: since the integral of h is 1, the average value of h is 0.5. Hence, it's not possible to have a function that is all 0s and 1s. But if the function has regions of 1s and 0s, the integral is 1.

So, the strategy is to create a function that has as few overlaps as possible with its shifted versions. This is similar to designing a sequence with low cross-correlation.

In the continuous case, this problem might be approached by using a function that is periodic or has self-similar properties.

But again, how to translate this into a practical algorithm.

Another idea: using a graph-based optimization. For instance, considering the function h as a vector of values, and defining edges between pairs of points that are shifted by a certain amount, then trying to minimize the maximum edge weight. However, this might not be straightforward.

In summary, to improve the previous code, perhaps the following steps could be taken:

- Generate a more diverse set of initial guesses, including structured patterns that have been shown to be effective for similar problems.

- Adjust the parameters of the optimization algorithms to allow for more thorough search.

- Use different optimization methods, perhaps combining global and local approaches.

- Consider varying the number of sample points to find a balance between precision and computational efficiency.

Now, putting this into code. The previous code uses a few structured guesses and random ones. To generate more structured guesses, perhaps include patterns with different periodicity, or other structured forms.

For example, create a structured guess where the function alternates between 1s and 0s with a certain period. Or, create a function that has a triangular shape, or other shapes that might help in minimizing overlaps.

Additionally, using a combination of different optimization methods, such as differential evolution followed by local refinement, and also using the L-BFGS-B method for further optimization.

Another possible improvement is to increase the number of initial guesses. For example, generating more structured patterns, such as:

- A pattern where the 1s are placed in a way that they are spaced out by a certain distance.

- A pattern that repeats a base pattern multiple times, adjusted to meet the integral constraint.

Also, instead of generating structured guesses based on m, maybe using a different approach to distribute the 1s.

In terms of code, perhaps the previous code's generation of structured guesses can be expanded. For example, trying different waveforms or patterns.

Another thought: since the integral is 1, the total area under h is 1. For [0,2], the average value is 0.5. So, if the function has a certain number of intervals where it is 1, the length of those intervals must add up to 1. For example, if there are m intervals of length l_i where h is 1, then sum(l_i) = 1. If the function is piecewise constant with values 0 and 1, this is a combinatorial problem. 

But perhaps generating such a function by choosing positions for the intervals that are spaced out to minimize overlaps. However, this is similar to the problem of placing intervals to avoid overlapping when shifted.

In code, this could be modeled as placing intervals of 1s such that when shifted by any k, the overlap with the original intervals is minimized.

But how to translate this into a concrete implementation.

Alternatively, considering that the previous code uses a large number of sample points and optimized them, perhaps using a more efficient way to optimize, like using more aggressive parameters in the optimization steps.

Putting this all together, here's a plan for the revised code:

1. Use the initial_h_values as the starting point, but also generate additional structured initial guesses.

2. For structured guesses, generate patterns with different periodicities and spread-out intervals.

3. Use differential evolution to explore the search space, then refine with SLSQP.

4. Use the L-BFGS-B method for further local optimization.

5. Increase the number of iterations or adjust parameters for better convergence.

6. Explore varying the number of points (n_points), perhaps trying a slightly larger number for better precision.

But since the problem states that smaller sequences are preferred, perhaps keeping n_points at 45 is better.

Now, implementing this in code:

- Generate more structured initial guesses by creating patterns with different spacing.

- Include additional random initial guesses.

- Adjust the differential evolution parameters to allow for more thorough exploration.

- Include more optimization steps, perhaps with different solvers.

In code, this could mean modifying the initial_guesses section to include more varied patterns. For example, adding a pattern that uses a sine wave, or other structured forms, but since the function is piecewise constant, perhaps generating a pattern that resembles a square wave with certain frequency.

But without knowing the specific structure of the initial_h_values, it's challenging. But the code can generate various structured patterns.

Another possible way to generate structured guesses is to create functions that are based on the initial_h_values but modified. For example, taking the initial pattern and applying permutations or transformations to it.

But again, without access to the initial_h_values, it's hard to tailor it.

Instead, generate several types of structured guesses:

- A sinc-like pattern.

- A triangular wave.

- A periodic pattern with regions of 1s and 0s.

For example, for a triangular wave pattern, the function could rise and fall across the interval, creating a pattern that might lead to lower overlaps.

Alternatively, a pattern that is composed of multiple sections of 1s and 0s, arranged to minimize overlap with their shifts.

In code, generating these patterns could be done as follows:

For a periodic pattern with period T, and a certain number of sections, set the function to 1 in some sections and 0 in others, ensuring the integral is met.

But the exact implementation would depend on the desired pattern.

Another idea is to generate a pattern where the function is 1 in certain intervals that are spaced out as much as possible. For example, if we have m intervals of 1s, each of length l, spaced apart so that the total length is sum l_i =1.

However, for simplicity, maybe generate a pattern where the function is 1 for a single interval of length 1, and 0 elsewhere. But this would give a large overlap when shifted by values within that interval, leading to a high C5. Hence, not helpful.

Alternatively, using multiple intervals of 1s. For example, if the function is 1 for intervals of length 0.25, spread out over the [0,2] interval. But how to arrange them optimally.

This is similar to the problem of placing points to minimize overlap, which is NP-hard, but for small numbers of intervals, it could be manageable.

However, given time constraints, the code has to be adjusted to implement this idea algorithmically.

Another approach: generate a uniform distribution of 1s, but adjusted for the integral constraint. For example, dividing the interval [0,2] into n equal parts, and setting h to 1 in a subset of those parts such that the total area is 1. For example, selecting every other interval. This would create a pattern with 1s in non-overlapping regions.

But this is quite simplified and might not be optimal, but it's a starting point.

In code, generating such patterns could be done by selecting positions where h is 1, and then interpolating between them. However, since the function is a step function, the exact positions matter.

Given all these considerations, here's the revised plan for the code:

- Use the initial_h_values as the starting point.

- Generate additional structured initial guesses, including patterns that alternate between 1 and 0, or have some other structured forms.

- Run differential evolution with adjusted parameters to explore the search space more thoroughly.

- Refine the best solution found with SLSQP and L-BFGS-B methods.

- Use multiple random initial guesses to avoid getting stuck in local optima.

Now, implementing these ideas in code.

The code will need to generate a variety of initial guesses. For example, adding structured guesses where the function has certain periodicities.

For example, one structured guess could be a triangular wave that is 1 for certain regions, and 0 for others. Another could be a square wave with certain period.

But since these need to be generated algorithmically, here's how:

For a triangular wave pattern, the function could be designed to increase and decrease over the interval. However, since it's a step function, perhaps creating a pattern that alternates between 1 and 0 in a way that the overall shape is similar to a triangle.

Alternatively, for the structured guesses, create a function that has multiple regions where it is 1, spaced out to minimize overlap with their shifts. For instance, placing 1s at intervals that are as spread out as possible.

For example, if the integral is 1, and we have m regions with 1s, then each region's length is (1/m) * dx. But since the function is piecewise constant, the exact length would depend on the number of points.

But given that the function is represented as n_points samples, and dx = 2/n_points, the length of each interval of 1s would be determined by the number of samples in that interval.

But this is getting complicated. Instead, perhaps generating structured guesses by placing 1s at regular intervals. For example, placing 1s every k points, and 0s in between.

For instance, a structured guess with a certain period would have 1s in positions that are spaced every m points. This could be generated by setting structured_h[i] = 1 if i mod m is within a certain range, and 0 otherwise.

But how to choose m to create a structured guess that might help in minimizing overlaps.

In the previous code, the structured guesses are generated with m from 2 to 7. Maybe expanding this range, or trying different m values, could help.

Another idea: generate structured guesses based on different waveforms. For example, for a sine-like wave, but since the function is piecewise constant, we could approximate it with a series of segments.

However, this might not be feasible. So, perhaps focusing on patterns that repeat every certain interval.

In code, for the structured guesses, we can create patterns where the function is 1 for certain positions and 0 for others, based on a periodicity.

In addition to the existing structured guesses, add others like:

- A pattern where 1s are placed every m points, with some offset to avoid symmetry.

- A pattern where 1s are placed in a random but structured way, such as in a Gaussian-like distribution.

But generating these requires algorithms.

Another possible structured guess is to create a pattern where the function is 1 in the middle of the interval and 0 elsewhere, but that would likely result in high overlap.

Alternatively, creating a pattern with multiple intervals of 1s, evenly spaced.

In code, this could be done by dividing the interval [0,2] into k equal parts, and setting 1s in every other part. For example, for k=3, set 1s in the first and third parts, and 0 in the second.

But how to algorithmically generate this.

Overall, the previous code's approach is a good start, but adding more structured guesses and optimizing the parameters might lead to better results.

So, the revised code would include:

- More structured initial guesses.

- Enhanced differential evolution parameters.

- Additional refinement steps with different solvers.

Another change: increasing the number of iterations in the differential evolution and SLSQP steps to allow for more thorough optimization.

Also, using a more efficient method for the initial guesses. For example, generating a larger number of random initial guesses.

In terms of code structure, the key changes would be in the part where structured guesses are generated, and in the optimization parameters.

However, due to the time constraints, the code must be concise and efficient.

In conclusion, the revised code should:

- Generate more diverse initial guesses, including structured patterns.

- Adjust the optimization parameters for differential evolution and other solvers.

- Perform a thorough exploration followed by local refinement.

- Use multiple optimization steps with different solvers.

By implementing these changes, the code may find a better solution than the previous one, thus improving the upper bound for C₅.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    np.random.seed(seed)
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def optimize_guess(guess):
        result = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=guess,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10}
        )
        return result.x if result.success else None
    
    initial_guesses = [initial_guess]
    
    # Generate more diverse structured initial guesses
    for m in range(2, 10):
        structured_h = np.zeros(n_points)
        for i in range(n_points):
            x = i * dx
            if int(x * m % 2) == 1:
                structured_h[i] = 1.0
        structured_h[-1] = 0.5
        initial_guesses.append(structured_h)
    
    for _ in range(5):
        rand_h = np.zeros(n_points)
        num_ones = int(target_sum)
        indices = np.random.choice(n_points, size=num_ones, replace=False)
        rand_h[indices] = 1.0
        initial_guesses.append(rand_h)
    
    for guess in initial_guesses:
        result = optimize_guess(guess)
        if result is not None and objective(result) < best_c5:
            best_c5 = objective(result)
            best_h = result
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=150,
            maxiter=400,
            mutation=(0.7, 1.0),
            recombination=0.8,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success and objective(result_slsqp.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        try:
            result = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=best_h,
                method='L-BFGS-B',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 100, 'ftol': 1e-12, 'eps': 1e-10}
            )
            if result.success and objective(result.x) < best_c5:
                best_c5 = objective(result.x)
                best_h = result.x
        except:
            break
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```