<think>
Okay, I need to find an improved upper bound for the Erdős minimum overlap problem constant C₅. The current record is 0.38085, and the target is 0.380876. My task is to improve upon the previous approach, which used differential evolution followed by COBYLA optimization and some perturbation steps. 

First, I should understand what the problem is asking. The goal is to find a step function h(x) on [0,2] with integral 1, such that the maximum overlap integral over all shifts k is minimized. The overlap integral is calculated by correlating h with (1 - h) and then taking the maximum value multiplied by dx.

The previous code uses a combination of differential evolution and COBYLA, but maybe that's not the most efficient way. Since the previous attempt achieved C₅ of 0.381142, I need to find a better solution.

Let me think about alternative optimization strategies. Maybe using a more efficient method for the initial search. Also, the previous code uses a binary initial guess, but perhaps starting with a different structure could lead to better results. For example, maybe using a more balanced approach, like a shifted version of the initial configuration or using some periodic pattern.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum value of the cross-correlation, perhaps using a more global optimization approach. Maybe using genetic algorithms with better mutation strategies, or simulated annealing. But considering the time budget, these might be too slow.

Alternatively, maybe I can use convex optimization techniques. Wait, the problem is non-convex, but perhaps some relaxation. However, I don't see a straightforward way to relax this problem into a convex form.

Another angle: the constraints are that the integral of h is 1. The problem is to minimize the maximum of the cross-correlations. Each cross-correlation is the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x + k)) dx. 

But how to model this? The problem is to minimize over h, with integral constraint, and various constraints on the maximum of these integrals. Since it's a minimax problem, perhaps using some greedy approach to optimize for the worst-case shift.

Alternatively, maybe I can use a more targeted search. For example, precompute the shifts that are most critical and focus optimization on those. But that might be complicated.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA with constraints, but maybe using a different optimization method could work better. For example, using a global optimizer like genetic algorithms (DE) but with better parameters. Also, the initial problem used a binary initial guess, which might not be optimal.

Let me think about the initial_h_values. The current code starts with that, but if there's a better initial guess, that could help. However, the user says to use the initial_h_values if available. So I should use that as the starting point.

But maybe the previous approach could be improved by using a different initialization. For example, instead of starting with a binary guess, maybe use a more refined initial guess based on the previous solution.

Another thought: the cross-correlation is maximized for certain shifts. So maybe the optimal h function should be such that it's designed to avoid overlaps on these critical shifts. Perhaps the optimal h has certain symmetry or spacing to minimize the maximum overlap.

For example, if the function is designed to have regular intervals where it is 1 and 0, but ensuring that the shifts where the overlap is large are minimized. Maybe a periodic pattern with certain spacing.

Alternatively, perhaps using a piecewise constant function with more segments, but that increases the n_points, which might be computationally expensive. The previous code uses 45 points, but maybe increasing the number of points could help. However, the user says to prefer smaller sequences with less than 1k samples. So maybe keeping n_points around 45-100 would be better.

Wait, the previous code uses 45 samples. The initial_h_values is of length 45. Maybe that's a good starting point. But the user is allowed to use different starting points. However, the initial_h_values is provided, so perhaps using that as the initial guess is the way to go.

Another idea: perhaps using a more intelligent perturbation strategy. The current code uses random perturbations with a small Gaussian noise, then minimizes again. Maybe instead of random perturbations, use a more targeted approach, such as perturbing the regions where the overlap is highest.

Alternatively, using a gradient-based method. However, the objective function is non-smooth, so gradients might not be reliable. Maybe using subgradient methods, but that's more complex.

Another approach: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of several integrals, perhaps using an alternating minimization approach. For example, for each shift k, optimize h to minimize the integral for that k, then iterate. But this is a heuristic and may not lead to the global minimum.

Alternatively, maybe formulate the problem as a convex optimization problem with some constraints. However, it's not obvious how to do that.

Let me think about the previous code's structure. It first uses differential evolution to find a better initial guess, then uses COBYLA for local optimization, then applies a binary initial guess and some perturbations. 

Perhaps the differential evolution step can be improved with different parameters. For example, increasing the population size or adjusting the mutation and recombination rates. However, the previous code's DE uses popsize=50, which might be too small. Maybe increasing that would help, but it would take more time. But given the budget of 100 seconds, perhaps there's a balance.

Alternatively, maybe combining different optimization approaches. For example, using a genetic algorithm with tournament selection, then switching to a local optimizer.

Another idea: the current code's DE is run with a fixed maxiter of 300. Maybe increasing this, but again, time is a constraint.

Wait, the previous code uses differential evolution (DE) for the initial search. DE can be effective for global optimization, but perhaps with a better set of parameters. Also, using a different initial guess could help. For example, instead of starting from the initial_h_values, maybe creating a modified version of it.

Another thought: maybe using a more efficient way to compute the correlation. The current code uses numpy.correlate, but perhaps there's a faster way to compute the necessary integrals. However, since the number of points is small (like 45), this might not be a problem.

Alternatively, precompute all the shifts that need to be considered. The maximum k would be such that x + k is still in [0,2], so for a function sampled at n_points points, the possible shifts would be from -2 to +2 in steps of dx. However, the correlation function in Python returns a full mode, which includes all possible shifts. But the maximum of these would be the C5.

Wait, the problem says that the maximum is over k, but the correlation calculation in the code uses the full mode, which gives the correlations for all lags. So the maximum of that array gives the maximum overlap integral.

So for the code, the key is to minimize that maximum value.

Now, considering the previous code's approach, perhaps there's a way to optimize more efficiently. For example, using a more efficient local search method, or using a different starting point for the optimization.

Another idea: since the function h is a step function, maybe we can model it as a set of intervals where it's 0 or 1. But since we're working with discrete samples, perhaps the previous approach is already handling that.

Alternatively, if we can model the function as a binary vector (0 or 1) with some constraints, but the problem allows h(x) to be any value between 0 and 1. However, perhaps optimal solutions are piecewise constant with 0 and 1 values. So maybe starting with a binary structure and then allowing some smooth transitions can lead to better results.

But the initial_h_values might not be binary. The previous code uses a binary initial guess, which may not be the best.

Another approach: using a combination of global and local search. For example, using DE to find a good initial guess, then using a more intensive local search with methods like COBYLA or SLSQP, but with more iterations.

Wait, the previous code uses COBYLA for local optimization, but maybe using a different method like SLSQP with constraints could be better. Also, maybe adjusting the tolerance and other parameters.

Alternatively, maybe using a different optimization library, like scipy.optimize.minimize with different methods, such as 'L-BFGS-B' with bounds. However, since the problem is non-convex, the choice of method can affect the result.

Another thought: the problem requires that the integral of h is exactly 1. So the constraint is that the sum of h values multiplied by dx equals 1. The previous code enforces this with a constraint function. However, if the initial guess already satisfies this, then the optimization is easier.

But in any case, the constraint is essential.

Another idea: since the overlap integral depends on the correlation with 1 - h, perhaps the optimal h is designed to have minimal overlap with itself at various shifts. Maybe using a function that is as spread out as possible, to minimize the overlap.

But how to model that? Maybe using a function that is periodic or has some regular spacing in its active regions.

For example, if the function is 1 in intervals that are spaced apart, such that when shifted by certain amounts, the overlap is minimized. However, this is vague, but perhaps structuring the h function with regular intervals could help.

But how to translate this into code? Maybe generating an initial guess with such a pattern.

Alternatively, using a Fourier-based approach. Since the problem is related to convolution, perhaps the optimal h has a certain Fourier transform that minimizes the maximum of the cross-correlations. However, I'm not sure how to apply this directly.

Another angle: considering that the maximum of the correlations is equivalent to the maximum over all k of the integral of h(x)(1 - h(x +k)) dx. Since the integral is over x from 0 to 2, but the domain of the function is [0,2], the overlap can be thought of as the area where h(x) is 1 and 1 - h(x+k) is 1, which is where h(x) =1 and h(x+k)=0. So, for each shift k, the overlap integral is the area where h and h shifted by k are disjoint. Therefore, the problem is to arrange the function h such that for as many shifts k as possible, the overlap between h and h shifted by k is minimized. 

This suggests that h should be designed to have as much non-overlapping regions as possible when shifted. For example, if h is 1 on certain intervals and 0 elsewhere, then shifting it by appropriate amounts would cause the overlap to be small.

But again, how to model this in code.

Maybe the previous approach's initial guess is good, but maybe the DE step can be optimized. For example, using a tighter bound or a different mutation strategy. 

Alternatively, using a different initial guess. For example, creating a modified version of the initial_h_values that has a more uniform distribution.

Wait, the initial_h_values is provided by the user. Maybe it's a good starting point, but if I can create a better initial guess based on that, that would help.

Another idea: since the current best is 0.38085, maybe the code can try to approach this value by more efficiently exploring the search space. For example, using a hybrid approach combining DE and gradient-based methods.

Alternatively, using a more efficient global optimizer. For example, using a genetic algorithm with a larger population size but fewer generations.

But with the time budget of 100 seconds, the code needs to be efficient. The previous code uses DE with popsize=50. Maybe increasing the popsize would help, but it might take more time.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the initial search. For example, using the particle swarm optimization (PSO) method. However, scipy's optimize doesn't include PSO, but there are other libraries. However, the user has access to scipy, so perhaps not.

Another thought: the current code uses differential evolution, which is a stochastic method. Maybe using a different method for the initial search. For example, using the Nelder-Mead simplex method. But since it's a local method, it may not find the global optimum.

Alternatively, using a combination of methods. For example, using a basic random search to generate initial points, then optimizing with COBYLA. But the user's previous code already has some steps.

Another idea: the previous code uses a binary initial guess. Maybe generating a more complex initial guess based on the initial_h_values. For example, by adjusting the initial_h_values slightly and using that as a starting point.

Another approach: to use a surrogate model, such as a neural network, to approximate the objective function. However, this would require more code and training time, and may not fit within the 100-second budget.

Hmm. Maybe the key is to refine the optimization parameters. For example, in the DE step, increasing the maxiter or changing the mutation parameters. But the user's code has already done that.

Alternatively, trying different methods for the DE step. For example, using the 'best1bin' or 'rand1bin' strategy, or adjusting the recombination rate.

Another idea: since the problem is about minimizing the maximum of the cross-correlations, maybe we can use a multi-objective optimization approach, where we try to minimize all cross-correlation integrals simultaneously. However, this is challenging because of the non-convexity.

Alternatively, using the fact that the maximum of several functions is minimized when each function is minimized. So, perhaps focusing the optimization on the shifts that give the highest overlaps in the current solution, and iteratively improving them.

But this is more of a heuristic.

Let me think about the code structure again. The previous code runs DE, then uses COBYLA to refine the solution. Then, tries a binary initial guess. Then, perturbs the best solution and runs COBYLA again. 

Maybe the DE step can be replaced with a different global optimizer, like the basin-hopping algorithm. However, scipy's optimize has basin_hopping, which can be used. 

Alternatively, using a different optimization strategy for the DE step. For example, using a higher number of iterations, or a different mutation strategy.

But since the code is already using DE with some parameters, maybe the main issues are with the parameters. For example, the previous code uses mutation=(0.7, 1.0), which could be adjusted. Or perhaps using a smaller mutation range.

Alternatively, using a different evaluation strategy. For example, using a cheaper evaluation function. But in this case, the evaluation is already O(n²), which is acceptable for small n_points.

Another thought: the current code uses the full mode for the correlation, which for a sample of size n_points gives a correlation array of length 2*n_points -1. But perhaps for some shifts, the integral is not computed correctly. However, the code seems correct.

Maybe the problem is in the initial guess. The initial_h_values might not be a good starting point. But the user says to use it if available. So I should use that.

Another observation: the previous code uses the initial_h_values as the starting point and then runs DE. However, perhaps starting with the initial_h_values and then applying a local optimization with COBYLA is better than running DE first. For example, if the initial_h_values is already close to the optimal solution, then DE might not be necessary.

Wait, the previous code runs DE first, then COBYLA, then tries other initial guesses. Maybe that's overkill. Perhaps focusing more on COBYLA and using better initial guesses.

So, perhaps a better approach would be:

1. Start with the initial_h_values as the initial guess.
2. Run COBYLA with the constraints to refine it.
3. Perturb and optimize further.
4. Also try other initial guesses, such as the binary initial guess, and compare the results.

But this is what the previous code already does. So maybe that's not sufficient.

Another idea: maybe using a different method for the local optimization. For example, using SLSQP instead of COBYLA. SLSQP can handle more complex constraints and might converge faster.

But I need to check if the problem allows for that. Also, whether the constraints are linear or not. The constraint is that the sum of h is equal to target_sum, which is linear. So SLSQP can handle it.

But the previous code uses COBYLA. Maybe trying SLSQP could yield better results.

Another thought: the current code applies multiple steps of perturbation and optimization. But perhaps after the first COBYLA run, there's no need to run DE. Maybe the DE is redundant and can be omitted to save time.

Alternatively, combining the DE and COBYLA steps with more precise parameters.

But given the time constraints, perhaps the key is to optimize the existing steps more effectively.

Another idea: using more parameters for the optimization. For example, using a higher tolerance, or more iterations. However, this may increase the time.

Alternatively, parallelizing the optimization steps. But with only one CPU available, this isn't possible.

Hmm. What if I modify the code to use a different initial guess that's not based on the initial_h_values but a more refined one? For example, creating a pattern that splits the interval [0,2] into equal parts, with h(x) being 1 for half of the intervals and 0 for the other half, then adjusting for the integral.

But the initial_h_values may already have that structure. For example, if it's a binary vector with 50% 1s and 50% 0s. Maybe modifying it to have more regular spacing.

Alternatively, creating a function that has multiple peaks and valleys to spread the value 1 across the domain, which might reduce overlaps when shifted.

Another approach: using a ternary representation where the function takes on three values, but the problem allows any value between 0 and 1. However, this complicates things.

Alternatively, increasing the number of points to get a better approximation. But the user prefers smaller sequences, so increasing n_points beyond 45 might not be ideal.

Wait, the initial_h_values has n_points = 45. Maybe increasing to 50 or 60 points would allow more precise optimization, but the user prefers smaller sequences. However, if the code can handle it within the time budget, maybe it's worth trying.

But given the previous code's time constraints, increasing the points might not be good.

Another idea: precompute all the possible shifts and their corresponding integrals, then use those to guide the optimization. But this is what the current code already does.

Alternatively, using a more efficient way to compute the objective function. For example, precomputing the 1 - h array, and then using vectorized operations to compute the correlation more efficiently.

But the current code uses numpy.correlate, which should be efficient.

Wait, the current code uses the 'full' mode for the correlation. That gives the correlations for all possible lags. The maximum among these is the C5 value. So, for the function h, the correlation with (1 - h) is computed, and then the maximum is taken.

But perhaps the maximum occurs at certain lags that are more critical. For example, the overlaps for shifts that are multiples of the spacing dx. So, maybe focusing the optimization on those shifts.

But without knowing where the maximum occurs, this is difficult.

In summary, the previous approach may not be sufficient to achieve the target C5. To improve it, I need to find a way to better explore the search space, use more effective optimization techniques, or exploit problem-specific structures.

Let me think about what the previous code's best result was: C₅ bound of 0.381142. The target is 0.380876. So, the goal is to reduce this by about 0.000266. That's a small improvement, but critical.

To achieve this, perhaps the code needs to more effectively explore the search space, avoiding getting stuck in local minima. One way to do this is to use a more global optimizer for the initial steps, and then refine with local search.

But the previous code uses DE as the initial optimizer. What if I change the DE parameters? For example, increasing the population size to 100, or adjusting the mutation and crossover rates.

Alternatively, using a different optimizer, like the Bayesian optimization with a surrogate model. But implementing that from scratch might be too time-consuming.

Alternatively, using a stochastic gradient descent approach with a custom learning rate and momentum. However, the problem is non-convex and has multiple local optima.

Another idea: the objective function is the maximum of several integrals. So, the maximum is the worst-case scenario. To minimize this, it's crucial to balance the integrals across all shifts. Maybe the previous approach doesn't balance them enough.

So, perhaps modifying the optimization to include penalty terms for the maxima of other shifts, not just the maximum itself. But this would complicate the optimization.

Alternatively, using a multi-objective approach, where the optimizer tries to minimize all integrals simultaneously. But again, this is complex.

Another possible improvement: instead of using COBYLA, which is a local optimizer, use a global optimizer like differential evolution for a more thorough search. Then use COBYLA only for fine-tuning.

But the previous code already does this: uses DE initially, then COBYLA.

Alternatively, replacing the DE with a more efficient global optimizer. For example, using the Bayesian optimization framework, which is more efficient in exploring the search space, but requires more code.

However, given the time constraints, it's challenging to implement such a method quickly.

Another Idea: Since the current code is using the initial_h_values and then the binary guess, perhaps creating a different initial guess that's more spread out. For example, a random permutation of the initial_h_values with a certain pattern.

But without knowing the structure of the initial_h_values, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, trying to model the function as a periodic function with certain parameters. For example, if the function has a period of 1, and is 1 for half of the period and 0 for the other half.

But again, this is speculative.

Given the time constraints, perhaps the best approach is to adjust the existing code to explore more thoroughly. For example, increasing the number of DE generations, using different mutation parameters, and ensuring that the perturbations are more effective.

Alternatively, using a different optimization method for the local search, such as SLSQP with more iterations.

So, modifying the previous code's COBYLA step to use SLSQP instead, which can handle linear constraints more effectively.

Another possibility: adjusting the mutation and crossover parameters in the DE step to allow for more exploring of the search space.

Let me try to outline the changes I would make to the code:

1. Replace the COBYLA optimizer with SLSQP, which may handle the constraints more efficiently.
2. Increase the number of iterations for the DE step or adjust parameters like mutation rate.
3. Use more effective perturbation strategies in the later steps.
4. Possibly try different initial guesses, such as those generated by other methods.

But without knowing the exact parameters, it's difficult. However, since the user wants to improve upon the previous code, I'll make these changes.

For example, changing the DE parameters to have a higher mutation range, or using a different mutation strategy. Also, using a different initial guess.

But since the user provided the initial_h_values, assuming it's a good starting point, I'll keep that as the base.

Another change: in the DE step, using a higher number of maxiter, say 500 instead of 300, to allow more exploration.

Also, running the DE step even without the binary initial guess, but that may take more time.

Alternatively, focusing on the initial guess and refining it with COBYLA, and then using perturbations.

Another idea: instead of using random perturbations, use a directional perturbation that targets the shifts with the highest overlap. For example, identify which shifts have the highest overlap, then perturb the function to reduce those overlaps.

But this requires evaluating the overlaps for all shifts and modifying the function accordingly, which is computationally expensive but could lead to better results.

However, this approach would be complex to implement within the code structure.

In conclusion, to improve the code, I will:

- Use a different optimization method for the local search (e.g., SLSQP).
- Adjust the DE parameters to allow better exploration of the search space.
- Increase the number of iterations in the DE and COBYLA steps.
- Try different initial guesses, including more structured ones.
- Use more effective perturbation strategies in the fine-tuning steps.

Now, transforming this into code changes.

So, modifying the previous code:

- Replace COBYLA with SLSQP for the local optimization.
- Increase the maxiter in DE to 500.
- Modify the perturbation step to use a more targeted approach, such as perturbing the regions where the overlap is highest.

But given the time constraints, I'll proceed to write the code with these changes.
</think>

```python
import numpy as np
import scipy.optimize as optimize
import time

def run(seed=42, budget_s=100, **kwargs):
    n_points = len(initial_h_values)
    target_sum = n_points / 2
    dx = 2.0 / n_points
    initial_guess = np.array(initial_h_values, dtype=float)
    
    def objective(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    def constraint_sum(h_values):
        return np.sum(h_values) - target_sum
    
    bounds = [(0.0, 1.0) for _ in range(n_points)]
    
    best_h = initial_guess.copy()
    best_c5 = objective(best_h)
    start_time = time.time()
    
    def objective_de(h_values):
        h = np.array(h_values)
        corr = np.correlate(h, 1 - h, mode='full')
        return np.max(corr) * dx
    
    try:
        result_de = optimize.differential_evolution(
            fun=objective_de,
            bounds=bounds,
            popsize=25,
            maxiter=500,
            mutation=(0.8, 1.2),
            recombination=0.9,
            tol=1e-10,
            vectorized=True
        )
        if result_de.success:
            result_slsqp = optimize.minimize(
                fun=objective,
                x0=result_de.x,
                method='SLSQP',
                bounds=bounds,
                constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
                options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
            )
            if result_slsqp.success:
                current_c5 = objective(result_slsqp.x)
                if current_c5 < best_c5:
                    best_c5 = current_c5
                    best_h = result_slsqp.x
    except:
        pass
    
    binary_initial = np.zeros(n_points)
    m = n_points // 2
    binary_initial[:m] = 1.0
    remaining = target_sum - m
    if remaining > 0:
        binary_initial[m] += remaining
    result_slsqp_binary = optimize.minimize(
        fun=objective,
        x0=binary_initial,
        method='SLSQP',
        bounds=bounds,
        constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
        options={'maxiter': 500, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
    )
    if result_slsqp_binary.success:
        current_c5 = objective(result_slsqp_binary.x)
        if current_c5 < best_c5:
            best_c5 = current_c5
            best_h = result_slsqp_binary.x
    
    while time.time() - start_time < budget_s - 50:
        dirs = np.random.choice([-1, 1], size=n_points)
        perturbed = best_h + 0.01 * dirs
        perturbed = np.clip(perturbed, 0, 1)
        new_guess = optimize.minimize(
            fun=objective,
            x0=perturbed,
            method='SLSQP',
            bounds=bounds,
            constraints=[{'type': 'eq', 'fun': constraint_sum}],
            options={'maxiter': 200, 'ftol': 1e-10, 'eps': 1e-9}
        )
        if new_guess.success:
            current_c5 = objective(new_guess.x)
            if current_c5 < best_c5:
                best_c5 = current_c5
                best_h = new_guess.x
    
    return best_h, best_c5, n_points
```